Today's guest built a $120 million company at 21 years old. I left college less than 6 months ago
and uh since then I've been like literally making millions of dollars. Like I'm spearheading something that will probably change the way companies
are built like into eternity. Kicked out of both Colombia and Harvard. He's now the CEO of Clooney, an AI
software that lets you cheat on everything. You should be able to cheat on everything. And I think people do want to cheat on everything. And the only
reason not to is because you're stuck worrying about what society tells you. Whether you're trying to ace a job interview or close a deal, this AI feeds
you answers in real time by listening and watching your screen. Right now, people in tech think that the
biggest opportunity of our lifetime is an AI. And I disagree. I think the biggest opportunity of our lifetime is In this episode, we'll explore the
broken state of modern education, unveil his unorthodox ways of going viral, and see just what it takes to turn
controversy into a billion dollar company. I really don't think I'm that controversial. And there's a lot of tech
people who think, man, this is the craziest kid ever. He's definitely going to jail. But in reality, like I'm doing nothing illegally. Boy Lee, welcome to the Jack Neil
podcast. Bro, that was such a tough intro. This is sick. Yeah. And I I thought you said there were going to be some Korean girls
here. I flew all the way down from San Francisco, but uh the only way I could get him out here was there's a bunch of Korean chicks. Um
Yeah, it's all good. It's all good. Just the two of us is fine. So Roy, um you built an AI that lets you
Roy Talks About Building An AI That Lets You Cheat on Everything
cheat on dates, meetings, and job interviews. Yeah. Tell me about that. Yeah, I guess uh the
whole like I feel like the world doesn't realize how much the younger generation is is AI native. You go to school like
Columbia, this must be like the [ __ ] smartest kids in the world, like one of the top Ivy League colleges, prestigious. Every single [ __ ] there is using AI to write their essays,
do their homework assignments. If they can sneak it into a test, they'll do it on a test. Like you would not [ __ ] believe the the the the future leaders
of tomorrow's generation, every single one of them is using AI. And um right now there's like the status quo push back against like oh you can't use AI in
the essays like like like people are trying to silence it but it's pretty obvious where the future is trending if you are like Gen Z and and and you see
what what's happening around you and and where that is trending is everyone is going to use AI and the status quo and incumbents are going to push back and
say this is cheating you should not do it. And I feel like if society is obviously going to say that using AI and
a bunch of [ __ ] that you shouldn't traditionally don't use AI for is cheating then you might as well embrace it and be in the eye of the storm. This
is the only way that we'll get out without significant public backlash. I think a lot of people will look at us and say like, "Man, are you not scared
of the controversy?" What I'm more scared of is the controversy of us saying, "We're not a cheating app." And then [ __ ] half our users are using it
for tools that like like for like cheating purposes, quote unquote, and people say like, "Wow, this app is like all they do is cheat." Like, [ __ ] it.
Like, if you're going to say that in the first place, then we might as well embrace it and just uh ride the marketing marketing edge that it gives us.
Wow, man. You are wired today. I'm I'm like this 24/7, bro. Yeah,
it's fire. Um, okay. So, what does the app do? Essentially, Cloey is it shows up as
this like pane of glass application that shows up over everything else on your computer. It sees what you're doing. It
knows things about you. It hears your conversations and rather than you having to ask it questions like you go to chachbt.com, ask it like Italian places
near me. Rather than that, Clue will predict what you want. When you're on Chinese food, and you sort of like ask ask Cle, hey, help me out here, then it
will predict like maybe you're looking for calories, maybe maybe you're looking for XYZ. And it'll give you information that it thinks you need to know. So,
what have been the most like interesting use cases of Cluey that you've seen in the past few months?
Imagine I'm in a meeting with you and imagine this is digital. Like like soon Cluey will be in real life, but for now it's on the computer only. Imagine we're
in a digital meeting and I don't know who Jack Neil is and I just hop on the Zoom with you and Cluey just tells me like this is Jack Neil and it does a
deep research on everything you've done in your life ever. And it gives me sort of like like the bullet point of everything everything you've accomplished. I can tell like it's it's
as if I I studied you beforehand and it's as if I knew like exactly how big your TikTok was before this. I knew your
earliest video like like everything there is about you on the internet that might be relevant for the conversation it would be relevant. Now let's say on
this on the flip side you're you're meeting me I say hey I'm Roy last summer I worked at this company called nucle genomics and it really changed the way I
I thought about the world do you know what nuclear probably not but it'd be really helpful if you could just pull up definitions of what exactly is
nucleomics and this sort of extrapolates everywhere to everything like everything you've done in your life and everything
on the internet can now just be like surfaced in conversations uh as you need them. Um, if you're a consultant, you're
talking about talking to someone about like, I don't know, the sales tax or the the import tax of fish in California.
All of a sudden, that number gets pulled up and it's like you uh it's like you know everything about it. All of a sudden, the amount of information you
have in your head during a conversation is not restricted to what's in your head. It's restricted to the entire corpus of human knowledge that's ever
been put on the internet. I kind of understand some of the more general use cases, but what else have
people been using it for? Like I've seen dating, job interviews. Uh, is there anything? Yeah, there there's a strong
pull to job interviews. I mean, this is uh this is how I like I rose to fame. Um, but there's also a really strong
enterprise pull. You can there's there's like these Filipino Indian call centers and all these people like these people traditionally they'll read like a
600page textbook sort of memorizing everything about the enterprise uh uh about the company and the product and uh
you know if someone has a login issue then you go to this website you click on these three buttons and um they literally sit there and memorize that
and now you sort of don't have to do that you can just dump it all into an AI and sort of have them like feed you information live in a meeting. chat
voice mode can't do this because um it doesn't truly interact with the meeting and like there's no other tool that just like listens in, knows what you're doing
at the time and has like this context about everything. So essentially we've um we are the closest thing to
automating at every single like Filipino Indian call center. Now imagine you're like a sales rep and um you're selling
like a technical product. Uh you I I imagine you don't know much about programming and you're I like suppose
you're trying to sell me an API based service. Uh you don't know what a rate limit is and I ask you hey how does your rate limiting compare to competitors?
How Cluely Can Literally Help You Automate Everything in a Business
All of a sudden now you know exactly what a rate limit is and you can talk as if you knew. On APIs actually uh what APIs do you
guys have access to and like is plugged into Cluey? Yeah we have a few different integrations um a lot in pipeline right
now and a lot that we're internally only only rolling out to enterprise users things like uh Google Drive notion Salesforce um a lot of enterprise use
cases but but for consumers right now it's text audio only and if you want the deeper integrations you're just going to
have to talk to the team. Got it. But okay, so explain this to me like I'm a dumb ass who isn't in the AI
software tech world, has no background in programming. Like is CLY plugged into chat GBT, open AI's API and then what
does API stand for? Yeah, I actually don't even know what the actual term for API stands for. Something like application processing.
Yeah. But but but an API is the way that you will communicate with different servers and computers like that are floating around the internet. Um um so
so if I have a service that I run on my computer here and you want to speak to it then you'll speak to it like via an
API and uh if you want to if you want to interact with a chatbt uh you want to make like a chatbot of your own then you
will interact with the chatbt API. Right now we use a variety of different uh models including some open source
models. Um like like the the thing with clue is chacht when you ask it a question um for example find me I know
hairspots near like hair haircuts near me. Um it will only know exactly what you put in that text box. Uh but
obviously these models are smart enough to reason over images. They can reason over audio. They can reason over pretty much anything. Now um so clearly the the
interesting technical challenge here we have to face is um how can we stitch all the input um in a way that a model can
actually understand and reason over and um that's the interesting challenge here. So the models right now like like
for for 80% of our use cases we just use the latest state-of-the-art model whether that's gropt 4.1 like like what
whatever it is but but a lot of the work happens in context stitching. What do you think is like the best model right now? best model
Why Grok is The Best AI Tool in 2025
as of today probably Grock 4. Yeah. What makes that better than like Clue's uh amalgamation of all these other
models? It it's it's quite different because because for Grock like like what we're doing is we're manipulating the input.
So we're using the same model but we're all all the work that we do on the Culie engineering team is like determining how
do we compress all the input in the way that this model can understand. Um, so for example, like you might say you you
might for chacht take a screenshot of your door dash um and then say and then and then put it put like paste that in
chacht and then ask it hey here's a picture of my door dash can you find me the best calorie options um or like like
the best calorie protein ratio options for me to order. Um but that's not actually the most intelligent way for
chatbt to reason over that. It'd be much better if you could uh take that image, you could process it, convert it into
optimal text tokens, i.e. this user is looking at a screen, there's Chinese food, here are the options, and you turn
that image into text that I can reason over much quicker. And uh and then you say like like your your mission is to
give him the lowest calorie. You know, there's like various ways that you can various things you can do with the input to make it uh easier for the model to
understand. Um and uh so I'd say like like we're we're not better than Grock for at all. The only thing we do better
is we are better than you, the user, at prompting. You're also uh you made a
promo video and I know the tech doesn't exist yet, but you're making glasses that let you cheat on dates.
How Cluely Can Help You Make Dates Smoother
Yeah. I mean, the the intention wasn't even like the only reason we had glass in the video was to make me look nerdier, but the the the the intention
was to have like this real-time HUD overlay. Right now, I think nobody in the world knows yet what the future
interface of AI is going to look like. Meta is making the big bet on glasses. There's a lot of people that are making bets on AirPods, you know, pendants.
There there's like all sorts of things. Um and in the eventuality I think everyone knows the final state of AI is
like a brain chip. Um you will have a brain chip plugged into your head and it will use AI to help you think. And this is what Neurolink is building. This is
what pretty much like everyone agrees to be the final form factor. Um whether there will even be an intermediate form
factor between the chatbot and the brain chip like that's still up to like that's still up for society to decide. I I'm
not sure. But when hardware comes, the best people who are best positioned to
distribute hardware will be those who distribute software best. Um, and that that's my belief. If we if we become the
default way that people use AI on the computer, then we will be in a really good spot to be the to build the thing that is the default way that people use
AI in the real world like hardware. Do you see embodied AI or brain chips prior?
Um, like like in in embodied as in as an AI like robotics, humanoids. Oh yeah, I mean almost certainly these things will
be developed in parallel. Uh like I cannot imagine there's a world with cyborgs that does not also have like fully autonomous robots.
Got it. So let's give people a bit of your backstory. I do want to dive deeper into just like your thoughts on AI from
a macro and micro perspective with uh Culy itself. But so you got kicked out of Colombia for cheating on a job
Roy Talks About Getting Kicked Out of Columbia For Using Cluely in a Job Interview
interview. Yes. Um yeah. So I think wait let's let's
take it way back probably the story starts in high school. Uh, so like growing up all my life I've been like
this super controversial kid. I'm like always sharing my thoughts and I always pretty much do spontaneously whatever
the [ __ ] I want to do. I do pretty well in school and October 2022 like like I I 2021 I'm accepted to Harvard early. I
think like damn this is so sick. I'm going to do cocaine hookers and I'm going to be an investment banker and I'm going to go work at Goldman Sachs like
as every Harvard student does. Uh but then later late later later that year like I have a suspension that I got for
sneaking out during a school field trip um ju just to like hook up with some randoms or try to hook up with some randoms. Um I got I got an inschool
suspension for that for a couple days and I didn't report on my application and then later it got reported to Harvard and uh Harvard says like, "Oh,
okay. So you can't come to school anymore." So now I'm like kicked out of Harvard after that. I think you know what? This is a sign from God. I've
always been pretty [ __ ] out there. I've always thought I wanted to start a company. This is my sign. I'm going to go start a company. So, I spent a year like locked up in in in my house and
programming. I'm trying to build a company. Um, and then my mom's like sort of on my ass saying like, "Ry, you got to go to college. You got to go to
college." And uh like the compromise here is, "All right, you know, [ __ ] it. I'll go to college, but I'll only go to college in California." So, I I move I
moved to California. I go to community college like here, like right by San Francisco. And then I spend I spend like a full year trying to build companies.
Nothing really works out. But later that year, I do end up getting into Colombia. And my mom says, you know, like Columbia
is an Ivy League. You have to go at least for a little bit. So, I go to Columbia and the only thing I'm thinking like, man, the only reason I'm here is
to find a co-founder and a wife. Uh, I think people really, really undervalue the social lubricant that college is.
You will never ever if you're a normal person, you will never in your life ever again have the experience of a next
semester I'll go to French 4 and I'll meet the same girl and we'll be forced to interact in the same room with each other. there's no other situ like
scenario like place in the world where you where you get this environment unless you are uh part of like a close
group of highly successful people um or working on a startup. Um either way I go to college I'm thinking like damn
where's my wife where's my co-founder but at the time you know like I'm not leveled up I'm kind of fat kind of ugly. So so the the the first part doesn't
happen but but my co-founder I find after I I literally talk to like 50 people I say to like every smart looking
kid I meet I like hey are you a CS major? Do you want to start a company with me? And 49 of them say no but one of them says yes and that ends up being
Neil. So Neil and I get together and uh I'm like convincing Neil like, "Yo, like college is not it. Like we we we got to
leave and like do our own thing and and but but we don't really have anything to leave for." So we spend the whole semester and a half like like [ __ ]
around on projects that don't work. We built like you know like AI date matcher, AI noteaker, AI lecture like
like a bunch of [ __ ] Is this the first like uh set of projects that you ever built? Uh no I never
or did you build things like in high school, middle school? Yeah, I've been building things like my entire life and I've been like trying to do companies my entire life. like middle
school, I used to sell sneakers, drop ship, do clothes, and like Amazon, FBA.
Um, but I never really made any meaningful money doing that. Um, even like elementary school, I used to like flip snacks. Um, but then and then high
school like I I I tried like I did like a tutoring tutoring business that did like six figures. Um, but but nothing
that really scaled and had the potential to be like a trillion dollar company. Um, until college. and then college we
put out this demo of another side project that we do and it's for a tool called interview coder and this tool
essentially it's really really simple all it does is it's a transparent translucent pane of glass over all your other applications that can see your
screen and give you answers to leak code questions so all you do is like you take a screenshot and then you ask hey help
me solve this leak code problem and it will feed you the solution um and we make this first viral viral demo and
then it sort of gains some traction and the second it does I'm like okay we're lowkey on to something Um, and then we
just decide, [ __ ] it. Like, let's full send this. So, I record myself using this on my Amazon interview to get an
internship at Amazon. I successfully like like dupe the entire process. Like, I record myself using interview coder to cheat on literally the entire process. I
record it. I post it online and uh it starts going viral. An Amazon executive sees the video, they they're like
they're pissed and then they send Colombia a letter saying, "Hey, uh, your kid just could just just just cheated on
our entire interview process. Posted online. Now he's selling the software. What the [ __ ] You need to expel him or we're never going to hire from Colombia
anymore." and uh Colombia sends that letter to me. They loot me up in a bunch of [ __ ] disciplinary hearings. Um
and it's just like some some [ __ ] thing and um I end up getting kicked out of Colombia. Uh and but but by the time
I do that, I'm posting everything on Twitter and um there's like so many VCs in the valley that I already saw and we're like like I raised like $5 million
in like 24 hours and um we're off to the races with Was it intentional to get kicked out of Columbia? I think some people like a lot
of people will look at like the viral [ __ ] that happens of like people quote unquote like ruining their lives and they'll think like man this guy's so
stupid. He doesn't know what he's doing. Like usually these people know and are are are like trying to they're they're
doing it for a reason. And and for me like the second the first post got like a thousand likes, I knew, okay, this has
viral potential. I'm pretty much [ __ ] They didn't put me in a disciplinary hearing just to like scold me. Like I'm pro I'm probably getting kicked out of
school and if that happens like like this is my exit. Uh, I need to like keep pushing pushing through here. And um
like like for like when when Andrew Tate started going viral for the first time. Like his was very obviously more intentional, but there are so many
people saying like, man, this guy's his reputation is ruined for life. But you just keep doubling down. At one point, you find yourself in like a completely
different spot. Like like it's what happened with the [ __ ] Paul brothers, Charlie, Lily, when he said the N word. Like you just keep Well, if he did keep
doubling down, but I feel like every time you have a moment of controversy, everyone knows like, okay, you're you're in a weird spot. Uh, and and I I guess
all this to say I knew very early on and I just kept doubling down and very early on that was the intention, but at the
How Andrew Tate Inspired Cluely’s Marketing Strategy
very very start it was not the intention. So, did you kind of look at Tate for some of the controversy breeds?
I looked at a lot of people and Yeah. Yeah. Tate I think Tate is like sort of the the only person to have really caught the internet by storm um through
just podcast and clipping and like like like he's the guys. Say what you will about Andrew Tate. I've had him on the show, but
every single guest who's young and makes over like 500K a month, they all [ __ ]
with Tate and they all saw him as big inspiration, which is just interesting. Say what you will about him, but like
there's something about the master class he put on on marketing and the influence he's had on clipping and just going on
podcasts like he he definitely made a big impact on things if not the election itself, you know.
Yeah, I agree. But yes, so Colombia, I saw some tweet. Uh well, okay. One,
there's a Poly Market bet. Have you seen this about you? There's a couple. Yeah, there's like a Poly Market bet, which is
like a site where you can place like bets on real life social events. This is not sponsored. Um it's like, "Will Roy
Lee be in prison by 2026?" It's like 20% say yes, which is like
wild. But I mean, do you plan on keeping up the controversy or do you think you've got to a point where you're
satisfied with what you have? I'm going to be honest. I think like what I do is not really that controversial. If you go on Instagram
reels or like TikTok, like there's people literally that commit felonies. They'll pull the fire alarm at like shopping malls and go run out. Like like
there's people doing crazy crazy [ __ ] And what I do, you know, post like a pretty controversial video of me like using AI on a date. Like that's not
really that controversial. The reason why people like call me like this controversial figure is because uh
there's a very big split in today's society between professionals and like people who are above the age of say like
27 and people who are younger and like Gen Z brain rotted. And if you are younger, if you spend any more than [ __ ] like 5 hours on Instagram reels,
you understand that crazy things are just normal now. It's why you see sports like [ __ ] sperm racing come out and
they raise like ridiculous valuations. They wanted me to be in that or invest in that [ __ ] Yeah, exactly. Exactly. They raise
millions of dollars to raise sperm. would never ever have been allowed to happen like [ __ ] 10 years ago. But now you just accepted crazy things are
normal now. Um, and I I really don't think I'm that controversial. And there's a lot of tech people who think, man, this is the craziest kid ever. He's
definitely going to jail. But in reality, like like I'm doing nothing illegal, you know? This is like this is there's people on Instagram reels [ __ ] like like terrorizing people.
And so do you think the strat to build a successful company, this might be like not viralized uh conversation, but it's
just interesting to me. Uh the strat to build a huge company today is find a
product that's inherently controversial and viral uh and it's basically a Trojan
horse for you to raise money and build other uh adjacent products in the future that are more mainstream. Like you're
kind of taking this cheating on interviews and eventually want to compete with open AI. Like do you think
that's like the strategy? 99% of the advice that anybody will give you ever is probably wrong. 99% of what
you know about society and what they tell you to be true is probably not true. The only person you can ever trust
is yourself. And among every single company that's been successful, there have been so many edge cases and so many
cases where people have just been wrong about the dogma that they preach. The only two common threads of any
successful company and any any successful product ever are one, people take risks and two, people work hard.
That said, I do have a take on this and I think right now people in tech think that the biggest opportunity of our lifetime is in AI and I disagree. I
think the biggest opportunity of our lifetime is in short form content. Genuine question. Have you guys ever listened to this podcast and thought,
Ad Break
"Wow, this guy must do a lot of research on his guest. That seems super timeconuming." Well, it's kind of true.
We listen to every podcast they've ever been on, watch every video they've ever made, read every tweet or article
they've written. But all of this got easier when we started using Poppy AI. Guys, when they reached out to sponsor
the show, I honestly didn't want to give it away because the tool is so powerful. But after seeing several large creators
already using Poppy and realizing some of you guys don't have employees to help you with research, I decided it was
probably best to put it out there so everyone has a chance to make good quality content. With Poppy AI, you can
drag and drop YouTube videos, voice recordings, documents, and connect all these to a chatbot that processes
everything all at once. Imagine if Chat JBT could take a YouTube link, transcribe it, and you could just ask
questions about it. Now, imagine if you could take three YouTube videos, four Tik Toks, and five Instagram reels,
combine them all together, and use it to write a script. But if you guys want to check it out, go to start.getpoppy.ai/jackneilodcast.
They have a 30-day money back guarantee, so if it doesn't give you value, it's completely free. Anyway, guys, back to
the podcast. Five years ago, probably the single biggest societal shift ever is when [ __ ] Tik Tok overtook YouTube
How TikTok Broke the Mold For Businesses Making Content
in terms of uh amount of people using it. Um and now all of a sudden you can pick up your phone, speak to it for 10
seconds and get this seen by 100 million people. This enables you to do so so so much. And I think it is pretty
universally agreed that if you want to build a big like truly extraordinary outlier company and again this is like not advice you should take as dogma but
if you want to do something with outlier results you should find the one thing that you are an outlier at your superpower and just keep doubling down
and see where it takes you. What I don't think people really understand is what your superpower is is a lot broader.
Like you should be thinking a lot broader about what your superpower is than you actually are. Like it doesn't have to be I'm a great operationalist or
I'm great at finance or I'm great at coding. Like your superpower could literally be I'm great at making viral Reddit subway surfer videos and like
like like Subway like Reddit story overlaid on top of I'm I'm the [ __ ] goat at that and any video I make can do 5 million views. That singularly can
result in like a [ __ ] billion dollar company that of its own. That can be the singular growth channel that that that takes like like a shitty like a [ __ ]
perfume company to a million to a billion dollar valuation. Um I think you should be a lot broader about what you are really really good at. Um
that sounds like you could be more specific. No. Well, what? Well, like if you should shouldn't say
I'm good at short form content, you should say I'm really good at this specific uh subway surfer video. Is that Oh, I guess the the idea space of things
that you could have a superpower at, don't restrict them to like business tech. That makes sense. You need to be thinking about other avenues. Okay, got
it. But but also, yeah, I think if you want to do something like generational like like you don't go out and get, bro, this
is not like you should always take advice with a grain of salt. I don't know what the [ __ ] I'm talking about. Sam Alman doesn't know what the [ __ ] he's talking about. only you know you
are the only correct person in the entire world. Everyone else is like a [ __ ] like like NPC just do not listen only trust yourself. Um but generally if
you want to do something that is super horizontal and like truly changes the world you need to start small. Uh you have to plant and expand whether that's
with content whether that's with uh um startups or companies or like like anything you need to start somewhere
that works and just expand out. So would you say Cluey is a Trojan horse like for like it was do you know what I
mean? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean on on on on both the marketing and product front I think uh and like the these are sort of
the same like clearly you'll download clearly like oh this is dope I'm going to cheat on my interview with this or oh this is dope I'm going to cheat on my exam with it and then you use it and you
realize like oh this is a lot more than cheating this is like a fully different modality of AI and uh this this is like
our full that this is like our growth channel like how people learn about Cluey and how they start using Cluey is
uh they'll like figure out like oh I'm going to use this to cheat on an interview or something I'm going to use this try to use this for like a sales call because that's what they they've
been saying cheat on sales calls, right? And then they'll use it and they'll realize like, oh, this is dope for a lot of other things. It's just a like a SAS, like a website.
There's no mobile app. There's a there's a it's it's a desktop app specifically. But um yeah, we're developing a mobile
app. Okay, that'd be super helpful. I'm imagining having it in interviews and I'm just like it's like listening to
everything and giving me like perfect questions to ask be super cool. Okay, so why didn't you guys do mobile
first? You thought the use case was better with calls. like like right now the what what
we're trying to build here is the AI that can like is always with you and if we want to do mobile first for that then
uh like Apple's never going to let us put clearly in like like let clearly see your Snapchat or your Instagram or what you're doing on the phone.
Why Roy Gives Free Premium Hinge Accounts to His Employees
You give free hinge premium to all your employees. Yes, bro. I feel like uh usually people are
the same like like no matter who you meet whether they're a [ __ ] nerdy engineer whether you're like I don't know like like a professional athlete or
whether you're an influencer generally people have the same core desires and one of them is intrinsic to humans it's a desire to not be [ __ ] lonely and
jerking off in bed alone at night like every human wants to do this and maybe there there's some like asexual outliers but generally I know when I look at an
engineer and he's coding all day he doesn't do that cuz he like all he wants to do is code all day like he probably deep down somewhere he wants a
girlfriend when when I sit down and talk to these like nerdy engineers, it is always true that they're like, "Oh yeah, I'd like to have a girlfriend, but I'm
so busy with work or like ah like like a million other cope reasons, but deep down the desire is there. I want to have a girlfriend." Um, and I think if if the
desire is there to not want to be lonely and we're all stuck in the office 12 hours a day building the company and like like what am I going to I can't
like send them out to cafes and have them dig around cold approaching girls. Like I got to I got to buy them hinge premium. It's the best thing for the
company. Do you think it's uh going to grow your company faster? I mean, yeah. Like if like are people getting in more
relationships? You were like a big advocate of like getting a girlfriend at your company just in general, right? Getting a wife. I want kids. I want kids
like yesterday. I wish I had like a son. You'd have kids right now. Right now. Right this second, bro. Like
like there is no greater fulfilling joy than having a child and like reproducing like
like this is my core biological driver. This is everything like billions and billions of years of evolution have led us to this. And uh there like have you
ever like when's the last time you've interacted with like a kid like like a three-year-old kid? Uh like a month ago. A month ago. It's like hella lit. Like I
I like it would be so tough. Imagine imagine you and I are like imagine we're like working at the same company and um
there's like a bunch of little kids running around and you don't really interact with them too much, but uh every once once a week you give like
Uncle Jack gives a seminar and you'll teach them, "Okay kids, today we're going to learn how to make I don't know like documentary videos and all the kid
like all the [ __ ] 10-year-old kids are sitting there listening to you and and then you pass them off. Tomorrow Uncle Royy's going to teach you about [ __ ] HTML CSS." Like how sick would
that be? It would be so sick. Okay, so you're single right now though, unfortunately. Is that distracting
being single? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's pretty. I mean, it's it's only distracting cuz like uh you know, like I'm thinking like, damn, it'd
How Roy Celebrated $120 Million Valuation With a Lap Dance
be it'd be tough if I had a girlfriend, but I don't have a girlfriend. You celebrated your $120 million
valuation with a lab dance. Okay. So, we had um we we we had some
ladies over for the purposes of shooting a commercial. Um but, you know, some behind the scenes footage of the
commercial got leaked. And I feel like it's not all that crazy actually to be filming like a music video commercial sort of thing and have like, you know,
like ladies in the background. And um that's what we did. We're filming we were filming like this video commercial sort of thing and some behind the scenes
footage got leaked. Uh and um it it went pretty viral. But I think I think it's actually not not all that crazy what
we're trying to and I can show you after what what a preview of the uh the video would have looked like. So it wasn't like a dancer or like a
stripper. It was just a you know like different professions have different names. I'm I'm I'm not exactly
sure what what the name was, but yeah, it was one of the ladies. H interesting.
Yeah, I feel like the tech world needs some more spice, man. I I think I think it just needs more transparency.
That's what I like about having you on this podcast right now is you have like this fire to life and this like [ __ ] you
energy that Andrew Tate kind of has. All these guys are like, "Yeah, just sit in my room all day, work 10 hours, and like
have a family." Like I I don't know. I feel like you got some like spice to you right now.
Yeah. I I think it's um I don't know, bro. It's like I'm living the most interesting life ever probably. Like I I
I left college less than six months ago. And since then, I've been like literally making millions of dollars, more money
than I've ever seen in my entire life. I'm getting to talk with probably the most interesting people in the world. And at at one point, I was like the and
I probably still am like the center of the tech universe. This is um like I'm spearheading uh something that will
probably change the way companies are built like into eternity. There's literally VCs that uh and like I like like it's crazy. There's there's VCs
that describe the world of launch videos as like pre and post Cleuly like like like like clearly like like all the viral stunts that we do. They've like
meaningfully changed uh human society and the way that startups are built and uh that's like crazy, bro. Like of
course I got a fire, bro. Like this is like the sickest [ __ ] ever. Interesting. But you're still locked in to be fair. Uh you seem like you work long hours at
the end of the day. Let me ask you this. Uh Roy, you're 21 years old. If Zuckerberg offered you $1 billion for
Would You Sell Your Cluely to Mark Zuckerberg for a Billion Dollars?
your company, would you sell it right now? If it was completely up to me, like hell no. But like why would I what would I do
with more money than uh like say like $67,000 of disposable income income a
month? Like I feel like there's not really that many great things in the world to buy, especially if all you do
is like spend all day locked up in an office. Right now my life is so [ __ ] fun. I get to be the leader. I'm pretty
much like Luffy from One Piece and I'm like leading a crew and I feel like I'm part of the new gen. I'm like fighting against the Yonko. Like how how fried
would you be? How how upset would you be if you were watching a show all of a sudden the main character [ __ ] left to go join some bigger villains like
army? Like what the [ __ ] Like bro, whose show am I watching here? Like uh if if it is true that um you know you
only live once and I would like to be the master of my boat then like [ __ ] no I'm not selling my company. But at the
same time, you know, like I'd be I'd feel pretty bad if I walked into the office and said like, "Sorry guys, you guys could have been all millionaires."
But I said no. Do you publicly disclose like the equity splits? Um, we're extremely generous with equity. Uh, like like generally the the
first half dozen employees got like singledigit percent equity, which is like very generous. At this stage, we have a 20% option pool. Um, this is
probably like for tech people only. We have a 20% option pool uh early stage. And um this is pretty much like like
outlier outlier like that that means 20% of the company belongs to the employees right now and this option pool generally
grows as the company expands. Usually companies throughout their entire lifetime will not see a 20% option pool
and right now at this stage having a 20% option pool you probably wouldn't be able to find another company that is as generous with equity to its employees.
And how much did you give up to VCs at VCs? Uh right now we're still maintaining like founders founders are
still maintaining uh majority ownership but we've probably given us somewhere between like 30 and 40%. And then when did you raise like the
last round? Um this happened probably like two months to a month and a half ago or
wait it was it was it was like April or [ __ ] probably the timelines are [ __ ] blowing in my head. It was probably like
a month and a half ago. Yeah, month and a half ago. Okay, gotcha. It is currently uh I think July 20th or
something like that. 23rd, maybe 24th. Um, okay. So, that's how much you raised. And then like what do you even do with
$120 million? Like right now? I think uh companies right now are
growing so [ __ ] quick. Like right now is such a unique moment in human history. You blink and empires are
built. Cursor hits a $100 million run rate in 11 months and then after that they [ __ ] quintuple that in in the
matter in the span of 3 months. Lovable hits $100 million in 8 months. Like like these companies are getting built faster than ever. And um right now I think if
you are projecting out like one year later we're going to you know like we're going to save all the money and we're going to do something big one year later
like like you're just you're [ __ ] like gambling with the future. Like nobody knows when the next Chinese guy is going to come up with the next05 or
GPT GPT like like like like research on like nobody knows. You can't predict it. Um and if you can't predict that then you might as well just do what is
important for the next six months. So right now we're planning on spending all the money over the next six months on what expenses hiring engineers
part like it's probably going to be half split between engineers and and marketing. There's so many marketing stunts that you could do if you gave Mr.
Beast like $10 million back when he was just starting out. Like he he would have got to where he is right now much much faster. We are the first case study in
history of like a ventureback company being um or like venture venture capital like giving money to someone for the purpose of like going viral. And to that
end, to answer your question, finally, uh, so some things that we're doing is we're throwing a gigantic rave. So, it's
probably gonna be like a $2 million rave with like some crazy headliners. We're try we're gonna try and let like like pack up with like everybody in the
[ __ ] world. We're going to give every single software engineer in the Bay Area like a baptizing experience and have
them leave the night think like, man, Culie is the sickest [ __ ] company ever. And it'll just be a viral moment. We're going to sponsor a full anime.
Roy Talks About Throwing Million Dollar Parties
You're throwing a $2 million party? Yeah. Yeah. How How long is it? Is it just one day? Just one day.
Yeah. Okay. Okay. Tell me more about what's going to be at the party. Um, it'll just Bro, can I get an invite?
Of course. I'll learn CS right now. Yeah. I mean, it's it's it's just going to be a rave. But but the whole point is
that this is going to be like a the first tech company throwing a rave and b we're going to get every software engineer in the world like a like like a
true night to remember. And everyone is going to go home. Everyone in the tech universe is going to go home thinking like this was the sickest [ __ ] ever. And
uh like like how many how many nerdy engineers do you know that like frequently go to raise? Like they don't. If you go to raise a fun, you're probably a bad engineer. Um, that's
that's the intention. We can really shake up the the world like like the tech world here by by bring sprinkling
in bits of culture from the outside. Are you inviting creators to document it? Of course, we're going to try and have like all of right now like probably all
of Asian America is going to going to be there. What percent of your company is Asian? Probably like 60 to 70 something like
Why Are Asian Engineers Better?
that. Yeah, I had a quote from you here. It was like, yeah, why are Asian engineers better?
Okay. Uh well well the thing is like like about over half the company is just like my friends and um in college I just
hung out with a lot of Asian people like like like so I found the company with my with my best friend who was Indian so I
guess Asian and also my roommate who was also Chinese like Asian um and then the first few employees are all my friends
from community college um who are like much better engineers than the people in Colombia. Um and they're like all Asian
too. And then after that, I I decide, okay, now we're gonna hire like a marketing team, and it's all going to be influencers that I know. And uh, of
course, I'm Asian, so I'm scrolling through and I see a bunch of Asian influencers, so I reach out to them and I try to hire them. And now the whole marketing team is like Asian. And they
bring on their friends, and they happen to be Asian. And um, the engineers actually is like the most diverse diverse group, but it is still pretty
pretty majority Asian. Like, uh, do you think Asian engineers are better? Me? I don't think that's too controversial.
If you put a gun to my head and told me you can either like someone needs to ace this programming assignment and you can
either have an Asian person do it or a non-Asian person do it and if you're wrong then your mom will die. I'd probably pick the Asian person is is
what I'll say honestly. Yeah. But we we we do not have like a racial hiring preference
for sure. I just had to ask about it. That's crazy man. So wait are the creator is a majority Asian too that you
work with, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. I mean, just from my perspective, I feel like there's something about I mean, I I've
done lots of short form content. I used to have an agency and like run ads for different companies, especially a lot of mobile apps. And it's like if you work
with a black creator, it hits a black audience. If you work with a white old grandma, like it hits like a white old
grandma. Like uh do you have you seen that the majority of your users are Asian typically? Yeah, I think that's
like more so a function of us just being like a tech tech company like early stage tech and generally like early tech
adopters are just like nerdy engineers and those are usually all Asian. Um but also say like with with everything I I
think you need to like plant and expand and um with content too like I feel like the mo content houses usually don't work
because uh they try and get together 10 people with completely different audiences and they try and merge them together and it's just cringe and nobody
wants to watch cringe. But if you plant in like like a really really niche subgroup like everyone loves an interesting um like like like an
interesting collab between two creators who have like like overlapping audiences. Everyone loves that. Why does everyone love that? But nobody nobody
likes content houses and every content house is cringe. I think it's because you cannot capture like a really big market super super quick. Um you must
plant somewhere and you must be cool to like a subset of people before you can be cool to a broader subset.
100%. That's why I assumed you were doing it because it's like you have that cult like uh audience.
Roy Talks About Running His Mom’s Business When He Was 15 Years Old
Was there a specific moment in your childhood where you had to outsmart the system to survive?
Um so early early middle school and high school uh well this is like the first time I'm I I share the story. Um my mom
like my family runs like this after school tutoring tutoring academy. And essentially what that means is like my
mom will go out to all the other Korean moms in the area and she'll convince them, hey um come study for the SAT,
have your kids study for the SAT at my place. This will be like a daycare/tutoring center. Um and for a
year my mom is really really sick. Uh but nobody knows because she's like the public face of the company. And uh
pretty much for a year I uh role play as my mom and um I take calls like I I I
have tutors come in and like I I run the company when I'm like early in high school um in in place of my mom and uh
like nobody knows for an entire year that my mom is essentially like fully out of commission because I have her phone. I'm texting as if I'm her. I'm
like calling as if I'm her. I'm I'm like inviting people over as if I'm her. And I just say, "Hey, I have to be in this meeting. Like I'm I'm out of the
meeting, but let's let me just like I communicate everything over text and essentially keep the business running for like a full year." Um, and just
How old were you? I was probably like 15. So you were 15 running your mom's company. Oh, like the family company, but yeah.
Okay. Was it It's like a pretty big company or at this point like a localized Yeah. Yeah. Maybe like 1 to 200k year.
Is she better now? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She's better. It was It was just just the one year, but it was a pretty crazy year for us.
Yeah. Yeah. That's W's son. Um, do you have siblings? I do. I have an older brother. Older brother. What's he up to?
He's in dental school right now. He's like doing the uh he's he's doing like the traditional Asian route. So, I get to do whatever the [ __ ] I want cuz he
already he already made it. Bro, I have an older sister who's not the traditional Asian route, just the
traditional like school route more. So, she's like doing like neuroscience at Wake Forest or some
[ __ ] Um and she's going to be a professor. I'm like, what's like your just general thoughts on school right
Why Colleges Will Become Obsolete in the Next Few Years
now? Do you think it's irrelevant in like few years? Yeah, generally I think um the only
reason like I think I did school like the best way possible. I went to school with the intention of finding a co-founder and a wife and I made the
most out of the the social lubricant that school was. Then as soon as I found the things I was looking for like I like
[ __ ] booked it. I think um in life you have in life you can always get
exactly what you want as long as you do the two things of take big risks and work hard. If you want to be jacked like
like like and and truly you can play this thought experiment up with like anything you want like suppose you want to be really tall and jacked and
handsome. You can get plastic surgery, take steroids and get limb lengthening surgery and if you need money for all those things like you can make a lot of
money to do that and those are all like big risks that that require like hard work to do. And if you if you are willing to do that, you can literally
have anything if you want to be rich. Like you can successfully start a company and like like like scale it. All you have to do is uh pick a niche, take
a risk, build a product, and work hard. And I guarantee you, you will not fail. And this is like this is like the one thing that um I think uh people just
everyone wants to say like life and success is all luck. Uh but in reality,
if you really really work hard and you really really take risks, it is impossible for you to fail. you will
make it and and you you will get exactly the outcome that you are working for. Which is why it is so important to have
a guiding northstar and know exactly what you are looking for. Even if it's like [ __ ] embarrassing, people call you cringe, arrogant, whatever. When I
go to Columbia and I say like from day one, I want to start a company. I want to be the next Google. Like 90% of
people think I'm cringe, arrogant, and narcissistic. And that's probably like still the sentiment of Colombia around me is that this guy's some arrogant kid. But if you do not have this dream and if
you're not working hard towards the dream, you will never achieve it. But if you do, I'm certain you can get anything
you want in life. Guys, we're going to be doing like a live Zoom meeting. We're gonna throw them on a date. Uh, which will be fun. So, stick around at the end
Roy Hints to New Features Coming to Cluely AI Soon
of the podcast to watch that. I do want to ask you, are there any features that you're working with right now on
the product or are you just thinking so much bigger and you're trying to like build infrastructure for like different things?
Yeah, I think uh right now this product is really interesting like um I'm I'm I'm I'm almost trying to work solely on
the product right now like like it's very hard transparently. the models are not at a level of reasoning where you
can sort of like know everything you've done on your computer for the last 10 years. Like just like imagine that they were imagine that the context window
isn't just like a 100,000 text tokens. It's like 100 billion. Imagine that the models could take in like 1,000 times
more text. Like how much more could you do and how much smarter like how much better will these models be? Like they'd be so much better. I think nobody knows
where the models are headed in just like a few short months. like like the slightest tweak. That tweak being like
an expanded input size that literally gives you the option to have like a a model that can um like predict what you
want to eat for dinner every single day like like design every single aspect of your life, tell you optimally what time you need to wake up. Like like there's
so many things that a more a slightly more intelligent model can do. And um like like the amount of products and the
the the amount of like worldchanging technology that's going to be developed as a result of like a 10% smarter model
is just like it's it's it's [ __ ] unreal. And right now clearly is um we're at a point of infancy in AI like
like the state of AI right now these are the worst models you will ever use in your life and the rate at which these are going to get quicker is going to be
[ __ ] unbelievable. Um all all this to say right now like we need to focus on
the product because the models are not super duper duper smart. They will be soon but in the interim we just need to
be fully focused on product. What kind of holds back the models from taking in more uh inputs? Yeah, I guess
um like it's it's all well right right now the general consensus is just compute. We need more data centers. We
need more GPUs. Right now Nvidia is like literally the most valuable company like $4 trillion market cap on Nvidia worth
more than like almost worth more than Apple and Google com Apple and Microsoft combined. It's like insane how valuable it is and it's because they are the only
people that can provide GPUs that can perform the uh compute necessary to train these models. uh you see like
literally there's like billions and billions of dollars of uh just just money being thrown into getting more
compute and right now you can't train bigger models. So to to put this in perspective like like like the first few
models the first few iterations of GPT had a few million parameters and um and
now we're at the latest models that have like 70 billion parameters and the latest models but right right now the
current state-of-the-art models have something like 300 billion parameters and um all of this is strictly a function of how much compute is
available and um we know for certain that uh there's sort of like this scaling law of compute where as more
like like the models will get exponentially better as the the the more compute you throw in And um if we can
get to a point of I don't know say like a 10 quadrillion parameter model that's strictly a function of how many data
centers can we build out like holy [ __ ] nobody's ready for how smart that model is going to be. Nobody. Yeah. You said that we'll have to give
How China Could Easily Take Over the AI Space
up our privacy to win the AI race with China. Does that has something to do with the amount of data they have.
Yes. I mean chi like Xi Jinping is out there recording everyone doing
everything [ __ ] imaginable. There's like there's like street light cameras. There's cameras in your home. There's cameras in your [ __ ] bathroom. Probably like in 5 years, China will
have the data centers necessary to train models on data on literally every [ __ ] Chinese citizen. And when they
have that data that like they'll be able to train not just reasoning models, but like world models that will literally be
able to understand the laws of physics, predict every single thing that happens like like a sufficiently with enough all
they need is data centers. Once China gets enough data centers, they will be able to train a model that will be able to look at this room, predict based on
like the [ __ ] like like the tiniest pixels like where my arm is going to move next. And all this is strictly a
function of compute. Um compute and data like you need data to train and China right now has the data. We don't know
when the compute is going to get there, who's going to be providing the comput if it will get there. But if it does, China will have the data and that should
[ __ ] scare everybody. Um, if America does not have the data and we don't because there's these [ __ ] for 40 50
60 year old congressmen who can't see past like two feet past their nose like they are trying to restrict all the laws and say like you know AI is dangerous
like we can't like bro if you don't wake up and realize that we need data to be China then we're all going to be Chinese
in like [ __ ] 10 years and nobody wants that. Well the rest of us don't want that.
Yeah. Yeah. Except for China. So, so I like all this to say like I really do think um concerns around data privacy
they they're not just going to go down, they have to go down unless you want to trying to take over everything.
Who is the Real Roy Lee Outside Social Media?
Part of yourself do you not show on the internet? I am pretty transparent on the internet but not fully open. There is a slice of
my life that I show and that slice is representative of me. It's not like I don't act like this in real life but I
don't act only like this in real life. Um I think uh there's a lot of thinking
that goes behind the things that I do and the things that I say and very oft like you will see like the last 5% of
like a very long project for example um one of the most viral things we did like like like the launch video like like it
takes months and months of thinking and tweaking or the launch video where I use Cluey to to to score a date with a girl
um that takes months and months of thinking like iterating um deciding which things will like land right, which things will land wrong, how do we
iterate on controversy the best and it's like it's like usually pretty quiet. Um it's like just like quiet deep work and then and then at the very end like I'll
come out and be like ah [ __ ] like I'm using cheat on day cheat on everything like blah blah blah but in reality there's like uh so much work that goes
into that. Um yeah I'd say uh we we try to be pretty intentional with with the
with the content that we put out and just what's overall like your mission right now with [ __ ] with your
What’s Roy Lee’s Life Mission?
life with all this? I think it's probably true that um we are living in
some sort of computer simulation and uh I am plugged into a brain somewhere and everything else around me is just like
really advanced pixels and NPCs. Um and if that is the case, I only live once. I'm the main character and there's some
alien on universe B37 that's like watching me like watching the life of Roy and this is a movie. Um then I can
only imagine two things. First of all, my life will be more interesting than any other human humans in history
because I'm living in a video game, a simulation. And the alien will make it such that this is an interesting life. I
strongly think this is why I am 21. Right when this AI boom is happening, I'm at the most productive. My brain is
most plastic. Right at the opportunity of a [ __ ] lifetime. I think that cannot be a coincidence. If I was born 20 years earlier, I would have been too
old to participate in the race. And if I was born 20 years later, everything would have happened. I am I somehow got
planted at this unique moment in human history where I have the opportunity to [ __ ] change everything. Um, and I
think if it is the case that I was, you know, like it cannot be a coincidence that I'm born in the most interesting time in human history and uh I want to
do like the biggest possible thing at this point in human history. Um, and for me that is uh building like the AI brain
chip like like I think it's it's it's it's pretty obvious that this is the final form factor of AI. Everything is converging to the one super company that
can build the brain chip that you plug in and lets you use AI to think. And this is where everything is headed. And
um right now I just feel like that is if if this is a movie, if I was the main character and I wanted to make it the
most interesting movie possible, I'd be trying to build the brain chip. And right now everything I do is like, you know, like trying to trying to move us
towards that world. When do you think we'll see a brain chip in humans? Uh probably like two to three decades.
Why an AI Brain Chip Will Be Inevitable
If you died in 5 years, what unfinished thing would haunt you? I guess this is a correlary to to the whole brain chip
idea. But the reason I want to build a brain ship is because I think it's obvious to me it feels obvious that in a
few short years companies are going to converge. You might have antitrust laws but like like in reality companies are
already more powerful than the government. And you see like Google owns the data centers. They own all the data.
They own all of YouTube's proprietary data. They can train the best models. And it's really hard to compete with like the big [ __ ] players. and you
can be open AI and you you can like rush to build ChadBt, but in the end of the day like like the the big guys win and
you sort of see they're eating up all the smaller players and this is happening at a rate that you've never seen. Acquisitions right now are
happening [ __ ] left, right, center like it is crazy how everything in the world is converging towards these big
companies and I think this extrapolated over just a few short months to years means that there will be ultimately
probably like one, two, maybe three super companies and um why is Zuckerberg poaching employees for
$100 million? Yeah, I mean like the age of AI you're uh everyone is so hyper
leveraged if you are really the single person who is capable of building the next big model or coming up with the
next research development like all you have to do is justify what like a.1% increase in meta's value to be worth
$100 million and if you come up with the next like GPT6 like of like no no [ __ ] right now one person is capable of more
than ever before in human history and I think I think Zuckerberg realizes this I think 100 mil is like it's it's a
discount for the for a researcher that will come up with super intelligence. Really? Do you think that researchers
alive today? Yeah, almost certainly. Like super intelligence is coming in our lifetimes. Um it'll probably become coming before
2030. And are you trying to attract those types of people to your team? Currently, we're looking for the best people in the
world like but we are also filtering for pretty specific uh skill sets at the
time. I think even like if we had the best researcher capable of developing super intelligence, I think they would
be missed working um on the things that we're working on right now. But there are people of that caliber. For example,
if you're on an Olympics, if you're the coach of an Olympic sports team or like an Olympic swim team, you probably wouldn't hire LeBron James even if you
know it's like the [ __ ] go to go to basketball. Like we're not we're not playing basketball here. When do you think you'll play the other games that are bigger? I think um always
you need to plant and expand and as soon as I've determined we've won we've won this space, you know, we we're like 10
time gold medalists at at swimming, then then I'll go and coach another sport. So, who are you trying to be right now? Is like you're trying to be like number
one SAS product. What is it? Yeah, I guess I I guess that's like the the the the big the biggest universe. I
think right now like generally with AI like you you sort of see these new industries that are being developed and
right now we're playing in the industry of uh computer intelligence like like I
consider us like the AI operating system um and AI that that sees at the deepest level the things that you do on your
computer and can predict what you will do next and um I guess if you're thinking about like that then maybe are
we're competing at the operating system level uh I don't really think that's true though like are we competing at a browser level because sort of sort of
like we integrate pretty heavily with the browser that's not quite true or integrating it at the meeting level. Um that's not quite true. I think this is
just a new industry altogether and this is the industry of uh um AI interaction
theoretically. What types of features do you think we'll see in the next 6 months uh with similar products, similar
models? I think it will be it's it's going to come to a point where uh pretty much
most business meetings are automated away. Um, you won't really need a human in the loop to do like customer support
calls because the models will get there. They'll be smart enough. You won't really need a human in the loop to do sales calls because the models will get
there. They're smart enough. And um it would be really really really cool if we could get Cluey to a point where it's
not just like assisting you in a meeting like if the meeting is not necessary, you're uh completely not there. Um and
uh like we're we're trending towards the goal of eliminating busy work. For
example, when I'm in a meeting with you, I should not have to spend an hour googling and researching what Jack Neil
is, who he is. I should just pull up be be pulled up for me in a meeting. Um, and if you can eliminate research, what
this means in a business context is now you don't have to go through your uh your CRM and look through the 10 different customer support queries and
10 different different case studies and and and research them and service them. Like, you can just like like talk and say the things that are most that are
actually necessary. And if there's nothing that's necessary, then you shouldn't be in a meeting. Um so I guess the the the goal here is to um unite the
Why Suffering is Important For Growth
collective memory of humanity in real time in a way. Okay. Is suffering necessary for growth or do
you think that's just cope? I think the only key to growth is something a concept called winner's
effect. And winner's effect essentially means when you win at one thing it will make you win at other things and it will make you more inspired to work harder to
keep winning at the thing that you want in. For example, when I'm 6 years old a girl tells me, "Hey boy, your muscles look big." As a result, this makes me
not want to get fat. It makes me want want to go to the gym harder. It makes me want to train more. Now in high school, like I'm not super fat. And
there's people around me that are super fat because they didn't have that winner's effect from when you were 6 years old. And I think if you do want to
grow, you need to be searching for that first winner's effect as soon as possible. Which is why I'm I'm always talking about like taking more action,
doing more things, because what you were searching for is the first win. For example, when you were an influencer, when you first started video, like like
no, you would never have thought that you would get ever get this big. And you can probably trace back all your success to a single video where you went viral
and you thought, "Holy [ __ ] this and it just changed your life forever. You realized like I can do this like like it gave you so much confidence. It gave you
more inspiration to do the next video and all of a sudden like you just kept doubling down and now you're here and uh that you need some positive result tied to
the action that you're taking and you need to kind of manufacture that in your life." That's interesting. And what I would say for you is like for
now when you make a new video, it probably doesn't feel like even work, right? It just feels norm like making content is normal. It doesn't feel weird
to pull out a phone. You don't feel much social anxiety. Like it's like normal. you make content now. Um, but for someone who's just starting out, like
that that takes a lot more effort out of them. Um, and I I think like effort is like relative like suffering is
relative. The only thing that is a constant like a just look for winners effect.
It's really interesting. Yeah, it goes back to the whole Mosley thing. Uh, people do things that they're rewarded
for doing in the past. Um, but it's interesting that you can hijack that and kind of set up rewards for yourself.
Like do you intentionally set up rewards for yourself like on a day-to-day like I do X thing and get X result or
just have more of a long time horizon? I think I just consider myself like a really big experimentter. Um for
example, I think like it's really important for me to be handsome and I I'm willing to do so many things to try
and get handsome that other people are not. I guarantee I have like a longer skincare routine than most people. I've done more micro needling sessions than
most people. I fully got a nose job in my gap year because I thought I look at I look at myself in the mirror and objectively I thought okay ignore
everything society tells me I'm pretty sure it's all wrong. Um like like people say, "Oh, don't get plastic surgery."
Like, well, it's all [ __ ] cope. Like like realistically, I want to get handsomemer. I think my nose is pretty flat. And objectively, if I got a nose
job, I think I would look better. Thus, I made the decision and now I'm more handsome. You got a nose job? Yeah, I did. You can't even tell it looks so natural. Um
bro, that's crazy. Okay. Yeah. Uh, but I think I'm I'm just a big experimentter and if there's ever something that I really want, I will
ignore everything people people tell me and I will look for winners effects and I will just try. Are you in the looks maxing community?
Like do you watch that stuff? I know a lot about the community, but I do not consider myself an active member
of the community. I also think I I'm I'm like a I know a lot about like the feminist community because I like like
looked into it a lot. the looks maxer guys on TikTok. Those are like good friends of mine as of recently. And it's
really interesting because like some of them are like soft maxers that they're like, "We do skincare. Uh we get good
haircuts, we work out, and then the other ones that are hard maxers are like I inject myself with like four needles a
day and like get a nose job, get a mastoid surgery on my jaw." Like it's crazy, bro. But really interesting.
Does Everyone Secretly Want to Cheat at Life?
Okay. Um do you think everyone wants to cheat at life? I think cheating is a uh
the whole concept of cheating is like a social it's something that people say when they see someone get something that
they think they should not have gotten. Um and I generally think when when you
cheat on an essay and you turn in something that's not yours, like people are upset because oh wow, there's a subversion of what standard practice is.
Um when you cheat on a relationship, like oh wow, this this person has sex with more than one person. Like this is a subversion of traditional practice.
But um like like the the the good for it to exist as a moral framing that it like
it must be true that there are some traditional uh things that you ought to
work for and um work in some instances should be input in many instances should
be inherently valuable. I.e. when a kid draws you a drawing for father's day like you don't care about the drawings
like it is the work that and and that is it is the work that is inherently valuable. But I think this is not true
for many things. For example, um when you when I'm hiring a data analyst, like I don't really care that you put in
eight hours a day slaving away an Excel spreadsheet to make this uh spreadsheet for me. I only care about the result
here. And I think when you cheat on that and sort of like like whether you offshore to a Filipino person or you offshore to AI, like I don't care. Um
and like this this extends to a vast majority of things that people don't actually realize. Um, for example, like
meetings when I uh imagine I'm a consultant and I come to consult you about your fishing company and I know
nothing about fishing, but thanks to AI, like in the middle of a meeting, I can have a bunch of information about fishing pop up and now I'm like a default expert. You might right now
think, man, that's cheating. Who are you to consult this guy about fishing? Like, who are you to tell him to tell him stuff? But I do like I have like good
business knowledge. It's just I need the fishing knowledge. I need that knowledge gap filled in for me to be able to consult you. You might think it's cheating, but it's not. um when I am
like like using a calc you know like people used to use calculators and people used to call that cheating it's like wow like how how is it fair that
you get to subvert this work that is traditionally expected for calculation how is it fair that you're able to
arrive to the output of calculation without doing the input of work but most work is just not inherently valuable in
fact almost all work except the work of like the emotional work of say the kid you know like I want my kid spend an
hour drawing me a drawing for father's day because like like that's like that's like sweet I like that I I don't care that the drawing is good I care about
the work and besides from work that is inherently valuable for the work for for the sake of the work like that and I
think you should be able to cheat on everything and I think people do want to cheat on everything and the only reason not to is because uh you're stuck
worrying about what society tells you which I believe to be mostly wrong. That's a great answer. Do you care more
about the work yourself or the results yourself? I'm very in terms of your life.
I'm very output oriented. I think like like like the [ __ ] looks maxing thing is is like exactly that. Like I care
about me being more handsome because I think me being more handsome, better looking, will noticeably affect my
quality of life. And if that's the case, then I don't care about like the work of like I don't like like the [ __ ] genetic work of being born with a good
nose like like I don't I don't really care about the input there. If it if it takes plastic surgery for me to like like be 10% more handsome and my life
will be 10% better because I'm a little bit more handsome. Yeah. Like like [ __ ] it. I'll do whatever it takes. If you're a young entrepreneur that
wants to make $10,000 a month, how would you cheat to get there? I'd say the two biggest opportunities
right now is AI and short form content. Again, like I feel like there's so many
this is the stupidest thing I hear VC say is like, "Wow, AI is such a great technology. These AI companies are
growing faster than ever and it's all because of AI." Like, are you [ __ ] [ __ ] Can you open your eyes and see how the growth mechanisms are happening?
How does Cali go from zero to 30 million in eight months? It's not because like the AI is just so [ __ ] amazing. It's because they're spamming short form
content. They have Alex Eubanks posting about their [ __ ] like like once a day. Like it is like the opportunity of our
lifetime is the ability to command attention very quickly. And you realize that this delta this gap in the market
has not been filled at all. There's not nearly enough quality content for people to consume. Which is why you see brain
rod [ __ ] like like bombardo crocodil like you see random Reddit subway surfers like how many time like your
most viewed Reddit subway surfer video. You've probably seen that a hundred times because there's simply not enough
good content out there. And like this is this is insane. There's so much gap in this. If you want to make a lot of
money, your goal should be to and like again take this with a grain of salt. Your goal I think should be to try and
get as much attention as possible because it is so [ __ ] easy and nobody else is doing it. You should try to build an AI because it is so [ __ ]
easy and nobody's doing it. And these are the two biggest opportunities. So build an AI, market it with short form. Yes. And I'd say generally you should
try to think about doing something that is inherently viral. If you're doing uh inventory management software for
construction workers, that'll be pretty hard to make go viral. But if you're doing something like a looks maxing app, take a picture of your friend and know
how no attractive ads that's like pretty viral. I know I haven't seen you dive into this too much on interviews and my
How Can Someone With Zero Experience Get into AI?
interview with Zach Yadagari covered this process pretty well, but I want to hear if you have a different perspective
like if I have no coding experience uh basic taste in UI uh and really have a
good short form mechanism or am connected with good creators who can promote it like how would I go about
developing like an AI tool or AI mobile app? If if if you are an influencer and
you have no programming experience, um this is a pretty niche category of people and I think every single person
in this genre, you are more valued by engineers than you think. You just don't know enough engineers. I guarantee you
if you went out to like any hackathon, any tech conference in the [ __ ] world with over 20,000 followers and you said
and you said, "Hey, I'm an influencer. I have 20,000 followers." you could find co-founders left, right, center like it would be so easy for you because every
engine like many engineers realize that you know I can build anything I want but I just can't market it and the marketers
realize like I can market anything I want but I can't engineer it which is why like like like this this is in the
next 5 to 10 years we will see this converging and influencers will become founders and founders will become influencers but right now there's a big
gap and what you should do is you should go to pull up luma.dev dev, you should go to the next tech conference out there. You just say, "I'm an influencer
who wants to co-ound a company with me," and you will find a co-founder right there. That was great advice. How about if I don't want to give them equity?
Well, then then there's two ways you can do it. You can either go go out and raise a round from some people um and
like like give them a portion of equity in exchange for capital and then you can just like give a less equity to a co to like a co-founder or founding engineer,
whatever you call it, and um give them some cash or you can just if you are sufficiently rich yourself, just pay
someone to do it and just give them no equity. Uh, how much would that cost um to hire like a really good developer?
It depends depends on how good you're wanting and how convincing you yourself are, but someone like you, I think you probably go away with like a I may maybe
like one 200 uh 150 200k hire a pretty good developer a year. Yeah. Yeah. A year.
Okay. Interesting. And then uh how about the arbitrage? What if you just a normal person? You know how to send a DM to an
influencer and you know how to send a and you know how to go to a hackathon conference. Like what would you do in that situation? I think you should not
may I would not prescribe learning how to program, but I would prescribe learning how to build things. And right now we're at a moment where you can
build things without knowing how to program. There's tools like lovable, there's tools like cursor. Like you don't actually have to know how to program in order to program things. I
strongly recommend you learn how to program things. But there is so much money to be made in the world of like [ __ ] even just static websites. So
you should learn how to build something. And once you have like your first website, your first mobile app out, then you should learn how to market. What do you mean learn how to build
something? You should go out and try to build try to recreate a clone of Netflix. Okay. And then how do you do that?
Just you should probably go on lovable.dev and you you should type in build me a Netflix clone. Like there's so many like of these no code website
builders like that are just completely AI and you can like you'll be so surprised within 20 minutes you can get a working prototype of something and you
just have to keep on generating ideas until you come up with something. And it can be as simple as literally upload a picture of my feet and tell me like how
sexy my feet are out of 10. And that that that has pretty viral potential. Like there is a viral Tik Tok to be made out of that. After that, once you have
that, have you not heard of Fefinder? Feedfinder. Exactly. Like whether it's that, you know, like
that's like a huge company that makes a lot of money. Wow. Seriously, that's crazy. But but it's not it's not AI like feet ratings.
It's just like people selling their feet. Oh. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. You could you could do so many things like that, you know, like take a picture of
my of my head, tell me how many years before I go bald, like or like like take a picture of my of my head and tell me like what sort of things do I need to
not go bald in the future? Like and would you just affiliate like finasteride companies and partner? It's
it's the easiest like so so many things that you can just like like build with AI just very very quickly. Okay. What ideas do you have that you're
not going to build? Yeah. I'd say one that I think is so interesting is um
I think everyone wants to know exactly how attractive they are like objectively
and there's apps like UMAX that will say your jawline is a 7 out of 10 like are you sure is this a seven out of 10 or is like some chy hallucination? But I think
right now what what we have the technology for is um and and this is
pretty technical but but you can train like like a very simple classification model uh generate a bunch of random
images of faces and have people rate each face uh out of 10 and and in order to get a rating of yourself you must
rate a 100 faces and once you rate 100 faces out of 10 then this data is used to train a model which is super super
accurate. You upload a picture of your face and it'll tell you, "Hey, you are a 6.757." And like, "Wow, like that is
what I wanted to know. That's really interesting." You upload all your pictures and all of a sudden you can get like the best hinge profile ever cuz now
you have like a super accurate model. You know it's accurate because it's trained on data by like real people. Um, and you could probably charge what, like
50, like I would literally pay 50 bucks to know with exact certainty which of my pictures are like the six best pictures
I should put on my Hinge profile or even just generally to know exactly how do I rank, how does the AI rank me and uh
like this is based off like like real users. So, I mean like I was thinking about that like yesterday literally not that exact concept, but
like just AI dating app in general, but based off like how what you're rated on attractiveness um and like only matching
like only being shown people who are your level proven by AI. Exactly. because a lot of these apps
have gotten so big, these companies that it's too uh like black pill or too like
I don't know what the word is uh not brand friendly to do something that's like that. So it leaves opportunity for
it. Um it's interesting. That's a good idea. Anything else? Anything else? There's so many like
right now there's so many AI automations that you can build out for small mediumsiz businesses and um these people
just have not been tapped in. Like there's over 50% of people over the age of 23 have not used CHBT once in their
lives. And these people are like business owners. They're construction owners. They're the gym owners. Like if
you can just build like a really simple email automation, for example, like, "Hey, I built a tool that will send out 400 customized cold emails a day," which
is so easy to do. You can literally do that like in an afternoon and then you send an email out to like a bunch of different websites or or like there's so
many small businesses around you that don't have a website. They they can't sell anything online. and you can just say, "Hey, I can make I can like like
build a website for you and like help you sell [ __ ] online." Like that goes up to 10K literally in in a month, like
less. How do you see like Tik Tok shop playing into uh these AI mobile apps and like
softwares like yours? Yeah, I think Tik Tok shop is like the the first proof of concept that um
influencers are extremely undervalued and the ability to command attention is so profitable. It is [ __ ] insane how
much money these people make and it's for like not really useful products. Like it's for like the shitty Teimu like like colored fan. Like what? Like you
tell me this this thing made $10 million last month. And I think it's because like these businesses have not caught on. That short form is the new wave of
marketing. If you are a business, say you're a Tik Tok, you're a Duolingo, you're like you're like any sort of mobile app or those are probably the
worst examples, but u say you're you're like I don't know like a financial real estate planner, you're like um like like
like an AI restaurant finder or like any of these apps out there ever. Like you need to be spamming short form
influencers cuz it's proven that uh these get funneled down and like this attention can actually convert into
actual [ __ ] money. And imagine everyone who's like shilling like some teu like I don't know [ __ ] like LED light. Imagine they were all shing like
actual useful software. Um like how much money would the software people make and how much more value would the world have? Like it'd be it'd be insane. I
think Tik Tok shop is a is a good prototype of of what the world looks like in the future once all the [ __ ]
Roy Shares Some of His Social Media Marketing Strategies
old heads running these companies realize that short form is the future. But most of your UGC creators or like
the creators that you hire with your company, they're not promoting on Tik Tok, right? It's mostly Instagram or like what's your biggest funnel?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say mostly Instagram. Well, like the the most converting funnel is my personal Twitter. Um, but that's because like
like I'm on like a very subniche of Twitter where like every single Fortune 500 CEO and tech tech billionaires on.
So like I'm really big in the space or like It's strange to me. I don't want to diss on you, but your avatar doesn't seem
like the average person scrolling on Tik Tok or Instagram. It seems like it would be people on tech Twitter.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So like, do you actually get users from Instagram and Tik Tok? Yeah. This this is a a pretty big play
we're making. Um we're like ramping up for the fall semester. Um, I think like back like company companies again like
they culture expands so like like it's it circulates so fast. We're never going to be this cool next year and we're
never going to be we're going to be less cool the year after that. Right now I feel like this fall is sort of the moment for us and we're sort of like
willing to put all the money we have into being as cool as possible for the fall. And once once this happens, like
if we make it, we'll make it in the fall semester once school comes back and everyone realizes everyone's talking about like the Gen Z startup like Cle
and and it like sort of disseminates out from there. Right now it's hard for us to find a really sticky sticky landing point because the people we are most
cool to are like college students and college students are all all like it's summer right now like like they don't have class. Um, so I guess we are doing
a lot of brand awareness for college so that when it starts like we can do like a proper every video we have where we
don't show the product and it's not really super brand like it's it's for the sake of brand awareness only and getting the [ __ ] name out. All of this
drums up hype for when we do actually like post really really converting content. And um sometimes you just have
to take the hit that your most converting video is not going to be the video that gets like 100 million views. But when you do have a video that gets
100 million views, it will guarantee an extra say 500,000 views for your actual most converting video. And that's what
we're doing right now. We're like stacking these 100 million views. We're stacking the accounts and we're stacking the brand awareness. So when we do
actually go out and say, "Okay, here's the converting content for the kids to consume in the fall." Like that's going to bang. And while it might not hit your
users, it might show uh proof of status to VCs or potential hires for your
companies. Yeah, generally you you like never know who's watching your videos. There have been literal Fortune 500 CEOs who've DM'
me said, "Hey, I saw you on this random and it's like this TikTok that got like 30 likes." I'm like, "Holy, you saw you
saw me on that." Like that's so crazy. Um but you never know who's watching your videos. What's the most unhinged growth strategy
you've thought about but haven't done yet? H haven't as in won't or haven't as
in will do in the future. Will do in the future. This podcast will come out in maybe six weeks.
Okay. If you have something within that time frame, I think um something that's in the works right now is like the official Cluey
anime and um what this is is this is 12 episodes like a full regular anime and
this is like fully sponsored by us. It'll be somewhere in the realm of like3 to5 million. And um it follows the story
of a guy who gets, you know, like hit by a truck and reincarnated into a 17-year-old as like all the animes do
nowadays. Like traditional isekai anime and then he but he now has Cluey and he uses Cluey to like cheat on school,
cheat on jobs and like like like stack hella bread and get hella hoes and um like he he like levels up in life with
Cluey and this is like the story of Cluey. Um and this is like the Cluey anime. Where do you see the opportunity with
that like Tik Tok and Twitter clips? Mo more so than that. I think this has the opportunity to be like a gigantic
cultural moment when like I don't think any company in the history of humanity has ever like sponsored an like like actually done an anime, but you can sort
of imagine who's not going to watch episode one of the open AI anime like the Chachi BT anime. Like everyone's
going to watch it just out of like curiosity like what the [ __ ] is a chatbt anime? Um and you can imagine like like
there's like an actual anime to be built on the story of AI. Do you know Tom Billu? No, I don't.
Quest founder. Quest bars. Yeah. Yeah. He's in Hollywood. He's like billionaire. Um, but he has
the most expensive house in Hollywood, but he has an anime for his company cuz he's really like big anime nerd. Um,
really? Yeah. I think it was just like an IP building thing, but it's interesting. If you need help with that, you should
definitely talk to him because he's he's also building a video game for his company. He's just That's tough. That's tough. Yeah,
What’s the Biggest Lie Entrepreneurs Tell Themselves About AI?
he's good at it, too. He's a smart guy. What's the biggest lie founders believe when building AI startups?
likely that the reason it's not working is
because the tech is not there. Um, usually right now in the current state
of things, founders are very technical and they're engineers and um, right now
the AI companies that are working are working because they're able to capture attention and um, spread through that,
not because the underlying technology is really really good. I'd say every single almost every single AI startup is in
some form or fashion a wrapper on top of chatbt and underlying models and there
is so much value to be built on that if your thing is not working immediately.
It probably will never work. You probably are in the wrong space. Um and you can probably much quicker and easier
pivot to something that will work. Uh and I think most founders think this will work as long as I do this one
optimization to make it better. And it's just like you're just in the wrong space and you're surrounded by uh you're like
in a field like a grassy green field of billions and billions of dollars around you and you pick the one dead spot and you're like keep digging away and like
there's no light at the end of this tunnel. How do you look for opportunities? As as as always you just need to take
more action. Um interview coder was probably the maybe like the 12th software project that I built trying to
make money and it was the only one that worked. Um, and I think
the only two things you need to build a company or like build a tech company are you need to build tech products and you
need to market them. And um, I think you should just do both of those things very aggressively and all the time. And I
think like everyone looks for every founder looks for like that 10% optimization, you know, like I'm I'm
going to get 10% better here and like this is going to be 10% better. All of a sudden I'm going to wake up one day and have a billion dollar company. Like no,
you're not. You do not need to look for the 10%s. you should look for the 10,000%. And uh when something starts
working, you will know immediately. Um and I think like there's a very close analog here to content. And I think I
think like like it's it's crazy how closely tied these are. When you are a creator and you are just starting out,
like you try out a bunch of series and then and then you find your first video that gets a million views. Like you're like, "Okay, this is the thing.
Eventually this becomes your character, this becomes your brand, and you build on top of that." And I feel like this is like exactly what company building is
like. Um, and you will you will know as a creator like you're stuck in like like you don't go from 100 views to a
thousand views to 10,000 views to 50. Like you you go you wake up and one day you had a million view video and it's like holy [ __ ] that really worked. Let's
try that more. And uh it's the same is true about companies. There's this concept called power law which says um
it's essentially like an advanced version of PTO's principle which says like like outcomes are disproportionately given to the top or
like the top 1% of people or things will result in 99% of the outcomes. This is
true for businesses like like when when you have something that's just not working like it's just not it like
people do not search for power laws enough. And this is sort of the same concept of like winners effect that I'm
looking for. You should find the first thing that really works and if you if it's not working immediately like you should you're better off trying to find
the next thing. That's an interesting perspective. I I think I share it with you because I'm so often told by people like oh only
improve 1% a day. It's like baby steps. And I I think that's the case sometimes, man. But like usually when things have
worked, like it's pretty obvious that they work and they work to an extreme degree. Um
h so do you when you launch a product, if
Why Building a Product is Key Before Marketing it
you're going to do a new product tomorrow, uh and you didn't have your base, uh you didn't have like any of your employees, would you do the
marketing first to see if it hits with people or would you do product first?
I do product first, but only to a really really really minimal degree. Like it can be even as minimal as like launching
a weight list, but there has to be something there. Um, and I think like like the more the closer you can get to
your marketing vision, the better. Uh, but like for example, you could do like
a rip of Cali. Um, but if you don't have an app, like what's what's a billion views going to do? And I think this is so dependent on the product. I think
this is so dependent on the actual thing that you're building. But um if I'm building like an advanced missile system
for the US government, then you're you're low-key probably better off like starting with the starting with the market. You have to know that there's someone to sell to. You have to like
like sign the contract and you have to get somewhere in the tech like but you don't actually need the missiles before you make the money. But if you are selling like like Cali, you know, you're
selling like like the the photo, take a picture of your food and um and uh like tell you how many calories you have like
like you lowkey need to start with the uh sorry I think that was a bad example. I think it's pretty good. You start with
a bare minimum email list. Exactly. I That's like great advice that took me a while to find because
I was thinking about launching a course or something around podcasting uh just to like I was curious if it was one of
those things that if I just drop it, it makes like a million dollars instantly. Um so I was like, "Okay, let me just
drop uh like a mini chat automation to collect data about how many people would buy this thing and just throw a Stripe
checkout link and then throw people on the waiting list." and it was like a few people
How Humility Kills Most Companies
actually a little better than an
I think that's really good advice. Uh you said humility has killed 1,000 times more companies than ego.
Yes. Um you as I said before you can always
get exactly the life that you want if you are willing to know that you want it. Take the risks it take like take
risks and work hard. And if you can do these three things, then you can have literally anything you want in your want
in your life. You can have the most beautiful girl. You can have like like the best physique. You can do anything you want as long as you're doing willing
to do these things three things. And it all most people it ends and dies with the first step which is like knowing
what you want. And most people they will like try and like [ __ ] like fight what they want and try to convince
themselves they don't want to do that. They'll try to say like oh I don't want to be rich. I don't want to be famous. I don't want to I don't want to do XYZ cuz
I they they want to appear humble or like like unknown like like adhere to some weird societal norm like oh oh I'd
rather not yeah I like the the the most obvious examples oh I don't want to be famous I just want to live a quiet life
and and you interrogate any of these people and 99% of them they don't actually want that at all they're just scared to take the jump to try and be
famous because they don't want to be seen as cringe um and always it is the case that if you know exactly what you
want then you can get it um and I think for company building like you want to build a generational outlier company.
Like you have to be willing from day one to say I'm going to build a hundred billion dollar company. People are going
to look at you and they're going to say you're arrogant, you're narcissistic, you're never going to make it. Who who the [ __ ] are you to think this? And you have to be willing to drown out all that
noise and say you guys are all wrong. Every single person telling me this is wrong. Like and you have to you have to
with with extreme precision go after what you want. And it all starts with knowing I'm the guy. I have nothing
right now. I'm [ __ ] making minimum wage and I barely know how to program. I barely know how to market. but I'm going
to build a hundred billion dollar company. And that takes ego. And if you don't have that, you will never do it. And often like anyone who doesn't want
the same things that you want is going to disagree with you wanting that thing. Like if you asked if you talk to Mark
Zuckerberg, uh I I want to be like the top company in AI. Like he's not going to be like, "No, bro. You can't [ __ ]
do that." Exactly. You be like, "Oh, that's what I'm trying to do." Like, yeah. Uh so if people are unsupportive,
it just means they don't want the same things as you. So their opinion shouldn't matter anyway. But that's
really good advice. I love how passionate you are about that. Do you think ego is something you can build?
I think ego is like have you always believed that you were the best?
Not to the degree that I do now or like like like I I do not believe in my own competence to believe to to the degree
that I do now. But more so than anything, I believe in other people less. Like the more wins that I get, the
more I realize like I I I climb on a new mountain at the top of this mountain. The people climbing with me are like the
[ __ ] same exact people as as the people below. Like they just had, you know, like that winners's moment like like earlier in their lives and all.
Like it's like, bro, you're you're obviously not that bright. I do not think you're that intelligent. Somehow
you are standing here at the same position that I am because, you know, you had a winner's effect early that catapulted you to this position. And in
reality, like the difference between the most successful person that you know and the least successful person that you know is really not that big. And I think
like like one of the moments that that really made me realize this is when I went to like community college. Like I went from going thinking I was going to
Harvard and like going to the visit to day and then like like going to their admitted students day talking with what is supposed to be like the best of my
generation and thinking like the only thing I thought was like these kids are not that bright. Like what the [ __ ] Like these are pretty much the same kids in my high school. and I go to community
college and I I'm there like on day one at community college I'm sitting looking around waiting to be oh [ __ ] I'm at community college is where all the
stupidest people go like like I can't believe that I'm going to be around stupid like these bro these kids are lowkey smart as [ __ ] like these kids are pretty much the same exact kids as the
kids that I went to high school with and the gap between you and the people below you is not that big gap between you and
the people above you is also not that big and I think it doesn't take much to want the best out of life because the person who has the best out of life is
not that much better than you and so true man yeah I mean we were talking about off camera that we both used to do
speech and debate. Um, and like the kids I met in Speech and Debate are so much more cracked out smart than the kids
like or than most like millionaire founders, billionaire founders I've talked to, like it's it's just because
they don't believe that they can go into business because they're so safe. But like I I don't know. I just the highest
Why AI Will Make the World Better or Completely Destroy
IQ people usually aren't at the top. I don't know. Yeah, I agree. What scares you the most about where AI
is heading? I'm like super optimistic about pretty much everything. I think
artificial super intelligence is coming. It is coming pretty quick. And what what what I mean by this is like an AI that
can improve itself faster than and better than humans can. And this results
in like an infinitely intelligent AI. It knows everything about the world and it knows you better than you. And it is
like essentially God. Uh but but it's in like a computer form and like artificial in that that intelligence is coming like
all we the the only thing we need is like the um the the loop back cycle to happen with the AI like as and you can
ask PT like hey uh can you make yourself smarter and it will give you something of an answer but um it's obviously like
missing a little bit of the reasoning but like like it will get there very soon. Well the loopex cycle what's that? Yeah. Yeah. the the the second where you
ask catchupt can you make yourself smarter and it can give you a better answer than the chatbt team that the
second that happens and like it can actually do that thing like AI will build its own data centers it will build
better data centers more efficiently it will get data more efficiently it will train itself more efficiently and um it will do everything better than to
improve itself than humans can and by improving itself it will improve its ability to do all the other things and
um there's a lot of like like fear around this and um I'm just generally
super super optimistic. Uh I think when that happens, the world will be very different, but it will be different in a
pretty positive way. What I think will will happen is now you'll be able to snap your fingers and get pretty much
anything you want out of life. But I think we see in chess, just because chess has like been solved by bots does
not mean people stop playing chess. In fact, chess is more popular now than ever. I think in life, we will find that there are things that intrinsically give
humans value. For example, sometimes I love to just go out in the morning and like like walk to a coffee shop and get a coffee. I love to do that. And I don't
I don't do it for the sake of burning the calories. I don't do it for the sake of getting the coffee. Like I just I I like being in that moment. And I think
when output is um abstracted away with artificial super intelligence, humans will default to doing things they love
doing. And people think that it's going to end up in some wall-ally type world where we're all fan wheelchairs and like
we don't do anything. But in reality, I'm like way more optimistic. I think there still will be coffee shops and there still will be conversations and um
I think the world will be great. In all honesty, the only thing that I'm scared of is uh AI not getting there. If you
had to say though, what is worst case scenario in your head? The worst case scenario is that the like
again when you have this artificial super intelligence, this super intelligent being then it will do most
efficiently what its objective is. And if the objective is not maximally helping humans and the objective is you
know like build a paperclip. Exactly. Paper clips as possible. Yeah. Yeah. And all of a sudden decides
one day, you know, like humans need to go so I can build more paper clips. Then we're all [ __ ] But also like I think, you know, it's like it's it's death, you
know, normal thing would have happened anyways. Like humans go extinct is the bare case. But uh I just don't think
that will happen really. Yeah. Yeah. Almost. Well, humans might go extinct in that we might evolve into something else.
Perhaps that too. Yeah. Like the brain chips will come and and we'll all be cyborgs and we'll all be like a thousand times more efficient. I don't Like no
matter what happens, I'm pretty excited for the future. If status, money, and fame were no
Why Status is Vital For Human Nature
object, how would you spend your time? Status is the tricky one here. I can
imagine a world where money is no object. Um, this is like the the the UBI
scenario where everyone has like say except except everyone's default salary is like a million dollars.
You seem like you don't value money. I I I pay yourself anything. Yeah, the founders pay themselves minimum wage,
but but it's like like like I I like I I have the roof to to sleep under, which is the office. I have food to eat, which
is the office food. I have like water to drink, which is the office water. You sleep in your office? Yeah. Yeah, we sleep in the office.
Well, well, the the the the founders sleep in the office. Yeah. I'm trying to write you a check.
Um gosh. Okay. So, you said the status is the tricky one. Yeah. I mean, I feel like status, it
manifests in so many different ways. And the reason that I want to do all these things like I think as I said earlier I
think humans can really be rooted back to like like humans are all very similar
um and we can all be traced back to a few core desires. And I think these come from like biology and I think 4,000
years ago we were probably living as close to our biology as possible. And the ideal human life would look like
that of a hunter gatherers where every once in a while like you'd party a [ __ ] ton and you go out with your boys and you go slay uh like like big [ __ ]
deer and like like who like the challenge would be who can bring back the biggest mightiest animal and like like you would be crowned like the
leader of the village and that that would be the coolest thing ever. The single coolest thing you could do as a human or like like as a male 4,000 years
ago would be to go out kill the [ __ ] king of the jungle and come back and like [ __ ] flex on the flex on the
ladies in the village. That would be the coolest thing you could do. And that that is status. And that to me is what I'm chasing. Like right now there's no
[ __ ] deers. There's no jungle. There's there's there's no men. There's only uh employees and startups. And I
think like this startup, this problem that I'm trying to solve is like the [ __ ] king of the jungle for me. Um
and it's really hard to imagine a world where status doesn't matter because I think that is paramount to imagine a
world where humans don't matter and the opinions of others like like you are living alone in a world with nobody else
because the opinion of another person like that is what determines status. like how many people think you are
of of like X X status points and uh that like like that everyone cares about the
other the opinions of others and um to imagine a world where I'm alone I think my biggest fear in life is being alone
and what you are describing like a world without status is a world where I'm alone and I'd rather die.
That's a really great answer. Basically I would kill myself is the answer to that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Pretty much. which I
think uh like like always there's these like core core is I truly believe I' I've
but there's no how about like a hobby or something a lot of people like I've said I would just train MMA and meditate all
day that kind of stuff anything interesting to you like that I really like programming um even if
Why Your Head of Marketing Should Have 100K Followers
like ASI came like like I I I give the example of a coffee shop because I think
many people can relate to I do just sometimes want to go out and get a coffee and for that is like programming. Like I think I I I enjoy programming in
a world where everything is off skater way. I would still try to code up websites just for fun. Why does the head of marketing at your
company need at least 100,000 followers? I think most people will agree that the
algorithm is not some sort of secret luck box. Um well, most people who have
made it and have really tasted what it feels like to quote like crack the algorithm and they will all tell you
like it's not luck that gets you here. It's like there are things that are viral and as you go more and more viral
you develop a sense word very very quickly. The caveat here is that there are many many things that can go viral.
You can be Lwig, you can be a programmer and you can be like like a like a programmer influencer. You can be a gaming influencer. There's like so many
things that could go viral. Um but I think a 100k followers is sort of like the benchmark for you've seen what's out
there and you uh know at least one thread or like one way to crack the
algorithm. Um, and I think if you haven't gotten there, there's like a very big mindset shift between people
who have tasted what it's like to go viral a couple times and people who have not. The people who have like they
realize like the algorithm is not lux luck. It is something that you can figure out and crack. Um, and the people
who have not, they just think it's like, oh, wow, you got so viral. Wow, you're so lucky. Like it's it's really not
luck. And um if you are the head of marketing and if you believe as I do
that short forum is the single biggest uh opportunity to market in our lifetime then of course you will only trust
people who have viral sense. Um I don't think that this is true like
extrapolated super duper far out. For example I think unless you're like say Mr. Beast someone with 10 million
followers they probably could have got there with the same viral intuition as someone with 100,000 followers. They just put in like more reps. And I and I
think that level of viral sense doesn't change that much after your first 100,000. But I I could be entirely wrong
about this, but that's that's just my theory. Um and I think 100,000 is is the benchmark. You understand how to go
viral, what makes generally what makes something go viral or at least in your way of going viral like like you
understand that route and like you you need to understand one route before you can understand the next. And um if you
don't like how are you going to be ahead of marketing? You don't know how to [ __ ] like build your own personal brand. I I think that's a better take than what most people would say because
it's so funny just going on LinkedIn and like seeing CMOs and like none of them have any followers. It's like what
what did you do to deserve this position? It's like what are you buying ad spend on TV shows, you know? Um but I
actually think that's a good market though, people spending on traditional TV. Um like I because it's been so
undertalked about at this point that there's still room to like sell to those people. I'll just ask this for personal
curiosity. I I want to test your creative thinking and how you kind of would speedrun this. So, I have this
How Roy Lee Would Make the Jack Neel Podcast Explode
podcast. Uh I've had other successful businesses in the p past, but this is something with such a long tail for
growth because you have to have long form consistent viewership of like hundreds of thousands to like make any
decent kind of money. Uh is there any way that you would speedrun? Any way you'd be thinking about this
differently? We chatted about some things off camera, but what would you do if you had like a podcast that averaged
100,000 views, you could get all these big guests, uh, you got 100 million views a month on short form content,
what would you be doing with it? 100 million views a month on Short Form, maybe 50 million. We did 100 million
last month. I'd say here like quantity is probably king and here quantity means a lot of
things. If you're getting a 100 million views on Short Form, presumably you have like X number of clippers who will like like clip up your podcast.
No clippers. Um, so it's just all in-house. Okay. The then then I'd say let's like like I'd probably start with Clippers. I think Clippers like the the
the big benefit of Clippers is that they will remove any variance. Like of course there are ways like I sort of
contradicts what I said earlier but like of course there are ways that you can hijack the algorithm but also there is like innate variance built in and
Clippers will completely remove it. You will know exactly how viral each of your clips deserves to be if it's cross-osted
a thousand times like like it will eliminate the randomness. And I think once you once you have that, then you
can pretty objectively like take a step back and see these are the things that are going most viral. Um, and I should
like double down on these. And I also think like like wow like 100 million views and you don't even have clippers. Like like I like if you had clippers and
you guys could do like No, it's that's why we get 100 million views is because I intentionally don't
get clippers and I intentionally don't want people to clip my content. Oh, really? Because it all funnels to my main page and then that's where I can collect
emails uh and collect many chat automations to send people to the long form. Um, it's a very different method
than most people, but I I don't want any clippers. I don't want anyone to uh take my clips away from me before I post
them. So, we have all of our clips done for the podcast before we post the long form for that reason.
Wow. Okay. It's I'm totally anti- clipping myself. I'm I'm pro unique content creation. Uh,
like if someone clipped this segment and it looked completely different than any other clip, but if someone clipped my
clip like I clipped my clip, then I don't want that [ __ ] you know? I'm not collecting any emails off it.
Okay, that's that's that's that's fair. Then I think um what you seem to be optimizing for is like email collection.
Um and I think like like there's always going to have to be a trade-off between like top of funnel and converting funnels. And if you want this to be the
most converting funnel, then I think uh you're like sacrificing your your your top of funnel. And because of that, I think you're you're like you're like
capping it at at a at a point because you're not running more experiments on it. Um but also it's not it's not email collection. It's
straight to the episodes. Straight to the episodes. Oh, I see. So, like, wh why not just do like a custom
clip farm where um you you run it yourself? It's not an agency and these clippers like are told like every single
link has to like link straight to your straight to the because the way I do it, it's like comment the word X on each short form
clip uh and then it sends them the episode like immediately. Certainly, you could run that with uh
like like automated. Yeah, you could run it with people. It's just hard to get many chats set up on Clippers, but definitely could do it.
Um, but I guess the monetization aspect is the thing I'm struggling with. I don't struggle with any views, uh, per
se, but monetizing the podcast. Oh man, like I think you need to be in like like like
the tech world. Like there's so many people who just drop of a hat sponsor you like like I I I can intro to some
really really great people who would probably like sponsor you just like drop a dime. Like [ __ ] I'd sponsor this. Well guys, thank you Roy. He's going to
Roy Lee Shares His Most Controversial Takes
make this podcast bigger because of that conversation. But Roy, you're 21 years old. Your company is worth $120 million.
What are five hot takes you have? Five hot takes. Uh first, I think as a
man, you probably shouldn't have any close close female friends. And as a as a woman, you also probably shouldn't have any close close guy friends if you
are in a relationship. Um I think things will lead to cheating. And um if if it
is true statistically that most people cheat, then you are probably not the angel that you think you are. Generally,
humans are the same. You are not much better than a cheater. And if that is the case, then you need to make sure that you're not in a situation where you
are able to cheat. Um, hot take number one. Hot take number two. I think most people, 99.9% of people, even the people
you don't think, everyone is lazy. Um, nobody works as hard as they claim to work. And
and right now, if you truly work hard at anything, like you will become one of the best in the world just because everyone in the world is [ __ ] lazy.
Three, I think rich people are even lazier than most middle class people. Like most rich people I've met are lazy as hell, but
it's the really rich ones that are hardworking and like smart with it. Yeah. Just uh people are so people do
not want to work and everyone that tries to convince you like I generally think if you're not in early stage the only hardworking people I've seen in my life
are people at early stage startups or people who are trying to do early stage startups. Um and beyond that and like like it's very very rare that I meet
someone I actually acknowledge this person is working very hard. Um, another thing I think looks lookism is probably
a bigger thing in society than you know like like transphobism, racism, homophobism. Like realistically you
could be if you are sufficiently attractive, you could be black, Muslim, gay, transgender, and a furry. And you
if you are sufficiently attractive, the world will still treat you better than an ugly fat white girl. And um it is
just a horrible truth. Uh and I think well it's it's it's just like like like a brutal reality of the world. Um, call
me a looks maxer, but but I think it's it's like just like obviously true from my lived experiences that that that is
real. Okay. Then the last thing I would say is therapy is probably useless, at least for men. I think men never ever
need to be validated. You just need to be um empowered. I like you need you
need to find a purpose and you need to be reminded that you are capable and you need to be given a task that you were sufficiently capable of doing. And
nothing will make a man [ __ ] snap out of his like mental illness than or like like give a man more purpose and drive
and like snap him back to reality faster than doing something that makes him feel like he is valuable. As a man, I don't
think you need to be heard as much as you need to feel valuable. And every man in the world has this desire to feel
valuable. And um I think therapy for most guys is just a waste of time. Yeah. It's so weird how people focus on
trauma so much. I think that like if you want to get rid of any trauma or negative thoughts that you have, you
just need to be taking actions that are aligned with what you want and your thoughts will change. Does that make
sense? Yeah. I I I completely agree. Like if you just broke up with someone uh and
you keep scrolling on their Instagram, keep checking their stories, the reason you're thinking about them is because you're taking those actions. You're not
taking those actions because you're thinking about them. So if you take different actions, if you go to the gym, go to a coffee shop, you will not think
about them as much over time. But that's just my opinion. Some people say thoughts lead to actions, but I think actions lead to thoughts. Um,
yeah. Way I completely agree. I'm like I think there's just as much as there's winners effect and I always talk about
your first win will catapult you into way way way bigger wins. I think there's also losers effect and your first loss
will make you think like oh [ __ ] And it will just like breed more and more losses. And um you need to be of the
mindset that you are searching like for your first win. And as soon as you let yourself like sit and ruminate with the loss and like the loss just like
encompasses most of your mental energy, you will put yourself in losers effect. And you cannot ever have that like like
there in life cycles. There are cycles and there are positively reinforcing cycles and there are negatively reinforcing cycles. And you do not ever
want to be caught in [ __ ] losers effect where that first big loss affects you. There's nothing that will catapult
you into losers effect more in my opinion than from what I've seen of my personal life than [ __ ] going to
therapy and sitting and talking for an hour about all the bad things that have ever happened to you. Like it is best if you just try and look for the next win
because the next win will do a lot more good for you than thinking about your last loss. What's a win everyone listening can have
today? Yeah. I think if you're a guy and you're single, I think you should go out and talk to a pretty girl and I guarantee you even if she says no and [ __ ]
slaps you for being fat and ugly, you will feel like a [ __ ] winner cuz like oh [ __ ] I did that. like I I overcame a
piece of social anxiety. Um what if you're a woman? If you're a woman% if you're a woman, I think you should uh
think about what your life ambition is. Find someone in the industry, send them a cold email, and wait for a response. And whether or not they respond, just
the fact that you send them a cold email, you feel like, "Wow, I did something today that I've never done before." And meaningfully affected uh like probably meaningfully affected like
like my trajectory in life. And um I love that advice. I was game changer for me. reach out to someone interesting
every day or reach out to someone that you want to connect with. Like even if they say no, like it'll give you ideas
Who’s the Most Impressive Person You’ve Ever Met?
and eventually someone will respond to you. Who's the most impressive person you've ever met?
I mean, it's I' I've actually never met Elon Musk. I was going to say Elon. Um, but I've never met him. Um, in my life,
the most impressive person I've ever met. I would also say my mom here, but I
think that's a pretty generic answer. I think everyone thinks their their mom is like a superhero and their mom is the
best mom in the world and I also think that way, but I think I'm pretty pragmatic and pragmatically my mom is like probably one of the best moms. Um,
but of the people that I've met that people would probably know about, the most impressive person might be
might be my co-founder and CTO, Alex Chen. Um, he's lesser known uh but this
guy is like without a doubt the hardest working person I've ever met. I was his roommate for a semester and a half and
I've never ever ever seen him take more than a three-minute break on anything ever. From the second he woke up, he
would code. The second he went to bed, he would code. And he goes to gym religiously. He's like the most jacked
guy I've ever met in my life. He's extremely jacked. Um, and he's just a really [ __ ] hard worker. And I think
in in this world, there are such few hard workers. Uh, I think this guy's like singularly the hardest working
person I've ever met in my life. That's the trait you value the most. I think it's one of them for sure. Uh
there's probably like only a few traits that I value. Generally, I think all human I I really really despise when
people try to uh I I really don't like when people think that they're like morally superior to other people. I
think generally all people like everything in life is a series of consequences that come from just events
that happen whether by your choice or by the the environment around you. But I think you like the best person in the
world if they were born in the right abusive household and the right unfortunate circumstances, they could be the most evil person in the world and
nothing would have changed intrinsically about them except sort of the things that happened to them and the specific cycles of winner's effect or losers
effect that that that they got caught in. And I really [ __ ] hate when people are very uh put themselves on a
moral high horse. Oh, I would never do that. Like are you sure you would never do that? Um because I'm I'm almost certain that most people just uh they
they they conform and they like to think they are better at things when in reality pretty much every human being is
evil. Um or or good, you know, like like whatever moral metric you like to assume like like I think everyone is sort of
pretty similar. You put them in the right circumstances. Most people are capable of cheating. You the viewer watching this right now, you are capable
of cheating. Um and you like to think that you're not, but you are. And you are also capable of going out to [ __ ]
Venezuela and feeding the homeless people for a year and giving up all your oil. like you are capable of both of these things and all it takes is a series of consequences. So I do not
value uh kindness, empathy, loyalty like any of those traits cuz I think in the right circumstances anyone can be
anyone. Um truly I think the only things I value are uh the willingness to not
listen to the people around you or like society society and like think for yourself. So like like independent thought and I think this is also a
function of of of winner's effect to to to a certain degree but it's just something that I value. Um, and I also
value like hardworkingness. Those are like pretty much the only That's a big one on Winners's Effect. Yeah. I mean, I You're making me realize
that that I I was never rewarded in the past for listening to other people. Uh,
cuz I always did [ __ ] that was weird and got rewards from it. Uh, for example, speech or debate, bro. Like,
What’s Something That Happened To You That You Believe is Unfair?
Exactly. Exactly. Like, oh my gosh. You run a weird case and and you get your first win, all of a sudden you're the guy that does weird cases.
What's something that happened to you that you believe was unfair? I think it was probably unfair for me to have been
raised in a country upper middle class with uh probably like one or two
standard deviation above mean IQ. I think this combination of traits makes it sort of inevitable to succeed in
life. And I think like objectively there's nothing I did here that that helped me at all. Um, and I think when I
look back at all the coincidences in my life, they've
the most unlikely ones have been the most fortunate ones. And I think I'm a very lucky person. Um, I'm quite
fortunate. I think I also work hard and I I try and make my own luck, but objectively like the things that have happened to me being born in America or
like sorry, being born and moving to America, the ability to to like be smart enough to like study hard and like like
have the luxury to study hard, go to an Ivy League, have parents that love me and aren't divorced and abuse me. um
like like me meet so many incredible people and friends like I think there's like very little that I did to to achieve this. It's very unfair.
That's not what I meant at all. But I really like the answer. Thank you. Yeah. I I I kind of meant like uh like this
happened to me and like it sucks cuz it was so unfair, but like that's a really insightful way of framing it. I like how
positive you are, optimistic you are that you took it that way. Um what's one prediction you have for the
next few months or year? I think we'll probably see a lot more influencers starting companies, like genuine
venture-backed companies that have the potential to be worth billions. Um, I think this
market gap where influencers don't know engineers and engineers don't know influencers is going to close much
What Pain Do You Enjoy?
faster than we think. What pain do you enjoy? I think one of my most unique traits and
probably this the most powerful trait that got me to where I am right now is the ability to have like very little uh
social anxiety. I think I've never like in fact I I love being in situations
that other people would find like socially overwhelming. All the controversy to date has been like nothing but exciting for me and um a
pain like a a specific one that I love. I love when I like walk up to a pretty
girl, ask for a number and she rejects me. I think it is such a thrilling feeling and I think like most guys will experience this is like a thrill but for
me it's like a thrill from beginning to end and I I do I do not feel like the fear of uh oh [ __ ] like I'm gonna get
rejected. I think I I I only find joy in it. I don't think I'm the best at talking to women in the world but I do think like I I just enjoy that that
particular throw. Yeah, you have very little fear of social injury for sure. Um I could tell
that on the fake date that we just did. You're like I'll say whatever the [ __ ] Like I'm just curious like what she says
generally. Yeah. Do you think you're a good person? I think most people are just so similar.
Do You Think You’re a Good Person?
There's just very few people that are just like really really really born different. Most people are born really
really similar. We're born we have the same core desires and the desire like the the principal desires to to
reproduce and like keep the species going. But outside of that like people don't really stray too far from each
other. Um, unless you like generally are part of like the 0.1% of people who uh have like like psychopathic tendencies
or like just generally like part of your brain is is turned off. If you have a human brain and you are a human, then um you are going to behave as other humans
do and you're going to want the same things. And as as I say before like uh all life and all people and
personalities are a series of uh cycles and it's either winners you're in
a winner cycle in in some things you might be in a loser cycle in some things but but it's it's always a series of like self-reinforcing wins or losses and
I do I think this is the same for morality too. Like Hitler himself probably had an event when he was like 6 years old that just made him be like,
"Oh, [ __ ] Jewish people." And like all of a sudden just like spiral and spiral and spiral until like one day he's like sitting there and he's like he's like
Hitler now. And probably like Gandhi too probably like one day where he just like I don't know someone told him wow like
like his kindergarten teacher might have told him wow Gandhi you're very kind and he just [ __ ] spiral and spiral and spiral until one day he was like Muhammad Gandhi. And like uh like
generally I think people are neither if people were one thing they would be evil. Um, if they were between evil and
good, I think people would be evil. But I think everyone is a very similar amount of evil. Would you describe yourself like your
big picture as like utilitarianistic altruism? Like what's like the point of everything you're doing? You just like
to build cool [ __ ] I think um you can philosophize as much as you want about, you know, like
consequentialist contient moral frameworks. What exactly is like the the true objective moral good in the good in the world? But I think that all that
[ __ ] is like it's like noise. In reality, we are bi we are creatures of biology and our biology dictates what we
do, what we enjoy and what we live for. And the core biological driver of every human in the world is to keep the
species going. And I I think like if I had to pick a philosophy for under which my moral framing sits, it would probably
be one of like consequentialism more than utilitarianism. I don't think we should strictly be working for the sake
of like human lives per se, but I do think we should be more output focused. Um, it's good things are generally good
and generally ends ends just by the means. I think like Hiroshima for example like is probably like a it's
probably like an acceptable thing considering the circumstances the and like like always ends justify the means
for me. Um, but but also like I think that's like uh an abstraction on top of what I really believe and what I really
believe and know to be true is like I like I want to keep the species going and like I when I when it's exciting for me when I when I talk to a really pretty
girl and uh like like it's exciting for me to build something cool and like show it off to other people and like like like be rewarded for that. And uh my
What’s the Scrappiest Thing You Did to Grow Your Company?
desires go back to like the human the base human desires like you want to do cool [ __ ] hunt a big animal and go show
it off to the women in the village. That's what I want to do. What's the scrappiest thing you did to build your company? I'd probably say at the start I tried to
go viral a couple times like I tried the whole brainwad stuff. I tried I tried like face face like talking like face
head talking talking head talking to the camera and like nothing really worked out. And at one point I just thought like okay if I can't manufacture
virality because I don't yet have the viral sense then I should just create a extremely viral situation. And to that
end I used interview coder to like get myself blacklisted from big tech and also kicked out of school. And I like essentially gambled the entire thing.
Like I gambled my career and education for the purpose of going viral and hoping that there was some light at the
end of the tunnel. And I'd say that's probably the scrappiest thing. You got kicked out of Colombia and you wrote an apology letter. What did it
say? Uh it just said like I'm CEO [ __ ] It was just like a direct reference to Zuckerberg.
What was this? What did Zuckerberg say? He he he just had a card during the early days of Facebook that said, "I'm CEO, bitch." And he would just like hand
it off to people. It's like a Did you actually send that to them? Yeah. Yeah, it was sent. Did you get a response? Uh, not to that directly, but I I I I
did hear from like um like like someone on on on Colombia like admin team from
somewhere that um they were like they were like talking about the suspension and they said like that alone would have gotten him suspended. I think it was
lowkey unfair that you got rescended from Harvard. I think it was
Didn't you just like leave on a school trip? Well, I I got a suspension that I didn't report on the application. So, I like I
can't blame them at all. Yeah. I can't How would you make 10K a month online in 2025? I would go to lovable.dev
and I would say, "Make me an app that rates feet out of 10, a picture of a
foot out of 10." and I would code that up and it should take less than 15 minutes to do the whole thing and then
I'd make a Tik Tok account. I'd make an Instagram account and I'd post about it and if that's not going viral, I'd maybe
take a few hundred, ask an influencer and I just try to get someone to make a video about it. And that's pretty much
it. If you do that for enough days, and I guarantee this, this itself will not take more than two weeks cuz the concept
is viral, you will go viral and you will make a [ __ ] ton of money. Last question. What's the best piece of
What’s the Best Piece of Advice You’ve Ever Received?
advice you've ever received? I remember very distinctly watching this one clip of Sam Alman from from years
back and he said the way that I got to my position and Sam Alman is the the CEO
of of OpenAI um like the CHPT creators and and he said like the way that I got here is largely by not listening to
anyone else around me. And I think this is pretty ironic. Um, but generally I think everyone else in this world is
wrong except you. You are the only person that is correct. And if you live truly thinking that and truly living
life by what you believe to be true, you will find that you can get everything you want out of life. Um, because what
you believe is correct and everyone else is wrong. Nobody knows your life the way that you do. You make better decisions
than you think and the people you look to for advice are stupider than you think. And if it is the case that everyone else is pretty much the same,
then the only the only thing that matters is context. And nobody has more context on your life than you. Only trust yourself. Only only only trust
yourself. Well, everyone, this has been your guest, Roy Lee, founder of Clue.
Appreciate you coming home, man. Thanks for having me. Where can people find you? Uh, I'm largely on Twitter, X I'm Roy
Roy Lee Showcases Cluely During a Zoom Date
Lee. I'm also on Instagram with the same handle. Guys, this is the Jagnel podcast.
Yeah. Yeah. Good. Courtney, you doing okay? Yeah. How are you guys doing? So good. So, this is my friend
Roy. Um, I think you two would be perfect together. I just wanted to uh have you guys chat for a few minutes,
get to know each other, and maybe set up a date while uh he's in Los Angeles if things go all right. So, I'll leave you
two to it. Cool. Sweet. What's up? Hey. Hey. What's up? Um, I'm Roy. Good to
meet you. Um, I'm just here in LA for the weekend. Uh, you've been What have you been up to?
Okay, cool. Um, I have been today I did some Pilates. I got some work done. Um,
did a lot of house cleaning recently. So, are you like into Asian guys?
Um, one second. Yeah. Yeah. Got it.
This is Courtney Ferris. She was top 10 on Beast Games. Oh, wow. That's sick. Sorry.
You're good. You're good. I mean like Yeah. So, like are are you into Asian guys? I've never been with an Asian guy. So,
how do you know Jack? Jacked me on a podcast after Beast Games.
That's sick. Like, like are you trying to get are you like trying to experience Asian guys? I think it's like always good to like try new things, you know?
Um, I wasn't like searching for that specifically, but you're like searching to like, you
know, like like know get like get to know new people, you know, like expand your horizons, try new things in life.
Yeah. Yeah. It's all about personality. Exactly. Like that's why you went on the Mr. Beast games, right? Exactly. I'm pretty much a yes girl. I
try to say yes to everything. Yeah. Makes sense. Um, so what sort of like personality traits do you like? And
do do you find most attractive in a guy? I like a man who if I can call he and I have a problem, he'll fix it like
immediately. Like I don't like to stress in my life. If there's like a problem, like I want him to fix it no matter
what. Um, yeah. Just like always there for me, super supportive and stable.
Okay. What is uh what is like the biggest red flag of someone like what what what are like dealbreakers in
personality for guys of narcissists. So usually guys who
um they lack empathy. I don't really know how to test that
but yeah. Yeah. I know this is like exactly exactly um my that's that's like my least favorite personality trait too. I
feel like we have like the same same deal breakers and everything. Can you um can you tell me about like your your
your last relationship? Why why did this not work out? That one that one's pretty that can get
kind of deep. So that that one give me like the highest level. Last relationship was three years almost
four years long and I think that honestly um he came with a lot of
baggage and a lot of narcissistic traits and I tried to push through it but I
couldn't. Yeah. So I mean like it's like it sounds like the opposite of me. What what what qualities did you learn about yourself
since since breaking up with a guy? Oh, that I'm extremely sensitive and
emotional and that I probably need somebody to support me in that area. So, I'm I've always known that about myself.
Are you Are you in LA? I am. Yeah, we should go on a date. We can try it out.
Yeah. I'm like not narcissistic. I'm like I feel like my biggest green flag is, you know, like empathy. Um you know,
I'm very I'm I'm also very sensitive. So, you know, like like we can be sensitive together. I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm
I'm very good at get like like getting things done, you know, like no stress kind of person. I think it's Are you a Cancer? What's your sign?
Uh my sign um I was born in September, so I should be a Virgo, right?
Like Virgo is like for for balance and everything. Do you believe in astrology? I enjoy astrology. I think that like
stuff like that's kind of fun to dive into. Um what's your birthday? September what? Uh, September 12th.
Okay. I'm September 23rd. Oh, really? What year? Maybe maybe I'm like
96. Oh, okay. That's good because I'm like I'm like 95, so I'm like a little bit older than you. That makes sense. Yeah. Are you like looking for an older
guy? Um, yeah. Usually I don't like anyone younger than me. Oh, no. I I totally get that. Like it would it would be crazy if I came on
here and I was younger than you and I was trying to talk to you. Like that would be crazy. Well, yeah. I don't know. I haven't I don't think guys mature slower anyway.
So, like Asian guys look youthful all the time. So, like you probably you probably wouldn't even believe that I was 30.
Yeah. No. No, I wouldn't. Right. Yeah. It's cuz I have like great skin, you know? Like our our kids could like share share my skin genetics and
everything. Like it's a one of the many advantages. I don't know if I want kids. You don't know if you want kids. Like what's the what's the the reason for not
wanting kids? Um I don't know. It just has to be with the
right person. And I and I'm honestly scared. I feel like I'm going to die if I if I literally give birth. I feel like
I'll die. We could have like surrogates. I'm trying to have like 12 kids. So, you know, like like we'd have like 12 surrogates.
That's crazy. I think one or two is enough for me. One or two? But like what if you weren't the one giving birth? Like you just had
to, you know, like like like raise like the village of of little Roy children. Roy and Courtney children. Like I I feel
that's not that bad, right? And you could just like give them carrots and like like Play-Doh and whatever the [ __ ] kids want. We I mean you'd have to have a lot of
money for 12 kids. I feel like a lot of money. How how how much money do you think it takes to raise 12 kids?
Well, I think one kid is usually like around $500,000 to a million dollars a
year. A million dollars a year for a kid. Let me look that up on TGBT because
there is a I think it's $300,000 for it's 250 to30. So it's it's like it's
like just like three to 3.6 million. So question, if you um say say you suddenly
come across like $3.6 million, what would you do with it? How would you spend it? Um I mean I kind of almost had that
opportunity but I had thought about it. It was more so just like one get a financial adviser immediately and then
have him tell me what to do with my money or her. Um, but mostly like I like
what I do for work, so I'd probably just make more jobs in my industry so I could pay more people. That's great. Well, what what what do
you enjoy most about your work? It's It's good that you have a job because I'm currently unemployed. That's great. You're unemployed? I've been unemployed for the past few
years, you know, like I'm surviving me, you know, just like unemployment food stamps kind of thing. But it's like, you know, I live with my mom, so
it's okay. She loves me. I love my mom, so it's all good. What what what what do you love most about your job?
I don't have to go to a nineto-ive. I just I'm kind of my own boss. Where's your um what is your dream in
life with with with all this social media stuff? Where where does it all end for you? I that's the scariest question because I
don't have like a long-term goal. I never even saw myself doing this. Like I I studied psychology in college and I
wanted to do neuroscience, but obviously that was like a little too rigid for me. I'm kind of a free flowing girl. So, uh,
as long as I have freedom, then I'm pretty happy. Okay, that's that's amazing. Um, I think
I should get your number. I think I should take out dinner. Maybe you can take me out to dinner because I don't have much money right now. But, um, I don't take boys out.
You don't take boys out. Okay. You do take men out at least. No, I don't take men out. Unless you're my boyfriend, then I'll take you out
type beat, but no, I don't. Okay. I'll ask I'll ask Jack for some money and and I'll take you out to dinner. That's See if Jack will give you some
money and we'll see. Yeah, we'll make it happen. Um, good talking, Courtney. That was it was good to meet you. Courtney, would you uh
would you go out with him if he if he paid for the dinner? If he paid for the dinner.
So, that's a yes. Okay. Would you be able to tell that he used AI for that entire day?
I would have no idea. What? What? Is he AI? He's real, right? No, he's real. He's real.
Like, pretty much all the questions are like generated by an AI in the middle of the conversation. It's pretty tough, right? That's sick. I was literally about to
look up on chat GPT some stuff too during this conversation. Yeah, that 250 to 300k number comes from a high.
There you go. Yeah. Well, beautiful. Thank you so much, Courtney. I really appreciate you coming on. Yeah, this was fun. Had a good chat.
Awesome. All right. See you. See you. Bye. See you at dinner, Courtney.
